/m/023wyl	A cornerback is a member of the defensive backfield or secondary in American and Canadian football. Cornerbacks cover receivers, to defend against pass offenses and make tackles. Other members of the defensive backfield include the safeties and occasionally linebackers. The cornerback position requires speed and agility. A cornerback's skillset typically requires proficiency in anticipating the quarterback, back-pedalling, executing single and zone coverage, disrupting pass routes, block shedding, and tackling.
/m/0ywqc	Donald McNichol Sutherland, OC is a Canadian actor whose film career spans nearly 50 years. Some of Sutherland's more notable movie roles have included soldiers in popular war movies such as The Dirty Dozen, The Eagle Has Landed, MASH and Kelly's Heroes, as well as a diverse range of characters in other noted films such as Fellini's Casanova, Klute, Don't Look Now, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, JFK, Ordinary People, Pride & Prejudice, and The Hunger Games. He is the father of actor Kiefer Sutherland.
/m/04ktcgn	Christopher Boyes is a sound designer.
/m/01gst9	The Fifteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in the Old Brick Capitol in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1817 to March 4, 1819, during the first two years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/09vw2b7	A special effects supervisor is an individual who works on a commercial, theater, television or film set creating special effects. The supervisor generally is the department head who defers to the film's director and/or producers, and who is in charge of the entire special effects team. Special effects include anything that is manual or mechanically manipulated. This may include the use of mechanized props, special effects makeup, props, scenery, scale models, pyrotechnics and atmospheric effects: creating physical wind, rain, fog, snow, clouds etc.\nSpecial effects or are produced on the set, as opposed to those created in post-production which are generally called \"visual effects\". In recent years real physical special effects have been largely overshadowed by computer-generated imagery effects created in post-production.\"\nSome examples of special effects are explosions, car crashes and chases, gunshots, earthquake effects, special makeup, prosthetics, special set construction, snow and rain.\nSpecial Effects Technician is a person working in the special effects department, under the special effects supervisor, and he is responsible for creating and assisting special effects. Major motion pictures, with many special effects many have many special effects technicians.
/m/0dqcs3	The Wicker Man is a 2006 American horror film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Nicolas Cage. The film is primarily a remake of the 1973 British cult classic The Wicker Man, but also draws from its source material, David Pinner's 1967 novel Ritual. Cage dedicated this film to his friend Johnny Ramone, the guitarist of the band The Ramones who died 2 years earlier.
/m/05ty4m	Judd Apatow is an American film producer, director, comedian, actor, and screenwriter. Best known for his work in comedy films, he is the founder of Apatow Productions and also developed the cult television series Freaks and Geeks, Undeclared and Girls. Apatow's work has won numerous awards including a Primetime Emmy Award, a Hollywood Comedy Award, and an AFI Award for his movie Bridesmaids. His work has also been nominated for Grammy Awards, PGA Awards, Golden Globe Awards and Academy Awards. In October 2012, Vanity Fair announced that Apatow would be guest-editing their comedy Issue, the first person to ever do so. Apatow will also reportedly guest-write an episode of The Simpsons that is due sometime in 2014. In 2007, he was ranked #1 on Entertainment Weekly's The 50 Smartest People in Hollywood.
/m/019pcs	Ethiopia, officially known as the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Eritrea to the north and northeast, Djibouti and Somalia to the east, Sudan and South Sudan to the west, and Kenya to the south. With over 93,000,000 inhabitants, Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world, and the second-most populated nation on the African continent. It occupies a total area of 1,100,000 square kilometres, and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa.\nEthiopia is one of the oldest locations of human life known to scientists and is widely considered the region from which Homo sapiens first set out for the Middle East and points beyond. Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BC, Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history. Alongside Rome, Persia, China and India, the Kingdom of Aksum was one of the great world powers of the 3rd century. In the 4th century, it was the first major empire in the world to officially adopt Christianity as a state religion.\nEthiopia derived prestige for its uniquely successful military resistance during the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa, and subsequently many African nations adopted the colors of Ethiopia's flag following their independence. Ethiopia was the only African country to defeat a European colonial power and retain its sovereignty as an independent country. It was the first independent African member of the 20th-century League of Nations and the UN. In 1974, at the end of Haile Selassie I's reign, power fell to a communist military junta known as the Derg, backed by the Soviet Union, until it was defeated by the EPRDF, which has ruled since about the time of the collapse of the USSR in 1991.
/m/018x3	Brian Peter George St. John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno, RDI, professionally known as Brian Eno or simply as Eno, is an English musician, composer, record producer, singer, and visual artist, known as one of the principal innovators of ambient music.\nEno was a student of Roy Ascott on his Groundcourse at Ipswich Civic College. Then he studied at Colchester Institute art school in Essex, England, taking inspiration from minimalist painting. During his time on the art course at the Institute, he also gained experience in playing and making music through teaching sessions held in the adjacent music school. He joined the band Roxy Music as synthesiser player in the early 1970s. Roxy Music's success in the glam rock scene came quickly, but Eno soon tired of touring and of conflicts with lead singer Bryan Ferry.\nEno's solo music has explored more experimental musical styles and ambient music. It has also been immensely influential, pioneering ambient and generative music, innovating production techniques, and emphasising \"theory over practice\". He also introduced the concept of chance music to popular audiences, partially through collaborations with other musicians. Eno has also worked as an influential music and album producer. By the end of the 1970s, Eno had worked with David Bowie on the seminal \"Berlin Trilogy\" and helped popularise the American band Devo and the punk-influenced \"No Wave\" genre. He produced and performed on three albums by Talking Heads, including Remain in Light, and produced seven albums for U2, including The Joshua Tree. Eno has also worked on records by James, Laurie Anderson, Coldplay, Depeche Mode, Paul Simon, Grace Jones, James Blake and Slowdive, among others.
/m/01ry_x	The Little Mermaid is a 1989 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Based on the Danish fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen, The Little Mermaid tells the story of a beautiful mermaid who dreams of becoming human. Written, directed, and produced by Ron Clements and John Musker, with music by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman, the film features the voices of Jodi Benson, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Pat Carroll, Samuel E. Wright, Jason Marin, Kenneth Mars, Buddy Hackett, and Rene Auberjonois.\nThe 28th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, The Little Mermaid was released to theaters on November 14, 1989 to largely positive reviews, garnering $84 million at the box office during its initial release, and $211 million in total lifetime gross.\nAfter the success of the 1988 Disney/Amblin film Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Little Mermaid is given credit for breathing life back into the art of Disney animated feature films after a string of critical or commercial failures produced by Disney that dated back to the early 1970s. It also marked the start of the era known as the Disney Renaissance.
/m/01cl0d	A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group that operates under the mantle of its Interscope Geffen A&M unit.
/m/0qdyf	Geoffrey Arnold \"Jeff\" Beck is an English rock guitarist. He is one of the three noted guitarists to have played with the Yardbirds. Beck also formed the Jeff Beck Group and Beck, Bogert & Appice.\nMuch of Beck's recorded output has been instrumental, with a focus on innovative sound, and his releases have spanned genres ranging from blues rock, heavy metal, jazz fusion and an additional blend of guitar-rock and electronica. Although he recorded two hit albums as a solo act, Beck has not established or maintained the sustained commercial success of many of his contemporaries and bandmates. Beck appears on albums by Mick Jagger, Tina Turner, Morrissey, Jon Bon Jovi, Malcolm McLaren, Kate Bush, Roger Waters, Donovan, Stevie Wonder, Les Paul, Zucchero, Cyndi Lauper, Brian May, Stanley Clarke and ZZ Top.\nHe was ranked 5th in Rolling Stone's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" and the magazine has described him as \"one of the most influential lead guitarists in rock\". MSNBC has called him a \"guitarist's guitarist\". Beck has earned wide critical praise and received the Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance six times and Best Pop Instrumental Performance once. He has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice: as a member of the Yardbirds and as a solo artist.
/m/0mx48	Marion County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. The population was 315,335 at the 2010 census. The county seat is Salem. It was originally named the Champooick District, after Champoeg, a meeting place on the Willamette River. On September 3, 1849, the territorial legislature renamed it in honor of Francis Marion, a Continental Army general of the American Revolutionary War.\nMarion County is part of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/05nrg	Oceania, also known as Oceanica, is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean. Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia to, more broadly, the entire insular region between Asia and the Americas, including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago. The term is often used more specifically to denote a continent comprising Australia and proximate islands or biogeographically as a synonym for either the Australasian ecozone or the Pacific ecozone.
/m/08zrbl	There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic drama film written, co-produced, and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. The film is loosely based on Upton Sinclair's 1927 novel Oil!. It tells the story of a silver miner-turned-oilman on a ruthless quest for wealth during Southern California's oil boom of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It stars Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano.\nThe film received significant critical praise and numerous award nominations and victories. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Award for Best Director and a Special Artistic Contribution Award to Jonny Greenwood's score. It appeared on many critics' \"top ten\" lists for the year, notably the American Film Institute, the National Society of Film Critics, the National Board of Review, and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. Day-Lewis won Oscar, BAFTA, Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, NYFCC and IFTA Best Actor awards for his performance. The film was nominated for eight Academy Awards including Best Picture, winning Best Actor for Day-Lewis and Best Cinematography for Robert Elswit.\nIn late 2009, it was chosen by Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly, Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian, Peter Travers of Rolling Stone and Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune and At the Movies as the best film of the first decade of the 21st century. In 2012, in the British Sight & Sound poll of Critics for the Best Films Ever Made, There Will Be Blood ranked 202.
/m/02vs3x5	A re-recording mixer North America, also known as a dubbing mixer Europe, is a person who is part of a post-production sound team and works specifically with voice over, dialogue, music and sound effects to create the final soundtrack for a movie / television production. They are responsible for ensuring that the sound in a record single, film or television program is technically correct, and as near to the director's or sound designer's original idea and more importantly, pass the necessarily relevant broadcast standards specific to the country before playout. In Europe, at present this would relate to EBU R128 protocol.\nRe-recording mixers / dubbing mixers prepare an initial film / documentary soundtrack for audience previews by performing tasks such as cleaning up audio edits, mixing and cross-fading the sound, and adding a temporary/permanent music soundtrack that will have been prepared by the music editor. After the previews, the film / documentary is usually re-cut and the sound is mixed once more. Once the film is given its final approval by the producer and financial backers, the re-recording mixer works towards a final Stereo and or 5.1 surround sound mix.\nA re-recording mixer is someone, or a team of two or three individuals who, working with the Director/Producer of a film or television show achieve the desired sonic balance between dialog, sound effects, and music. The first part of the traditional re-recording process is called the \"premix.\" In the dialog premix the re-recording mixer does preliminary processing, including making initial loudness adjustments and reducing environmental noise that the on-set microphone picked up during the shooting of the scene. In most instances, audio restoration software may be employed.
/m/01cf5	Barnard College is a private women's liberal arts college and a member of the Seven Sisters. Founded in 1889, it has been affiliated with Columbia University since 1900. Barnard's 4-acre campus stretches along Broadway between 116th and 120th Streets in the Morningside Heights neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan, in New York City. It is adjacent to Columbia's campus and near several other academic institutions and has been used by Barnard since 1898.
/m/032clf	Dirty Dancing is a 1987 American romantic drama film. Written by Eleanor Bergstein and directed by Emile Ardolino, the film stars Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey in the lead roles, as well as Cynthia Rhodes and Jerry Orbach. The story is a coming of age drama that documents a teenage girl's coming of age through a relationship with a dance instructor whom she encounters during her family's summer vacation.\nOriginally a low-budget film by a new studio, Great American Films Limited Partnership, and with no major stars, Dirty Dancing became a massive box office hit. As of 2009, it had earned over $214 million worldwide. It was the first film to sell more than a million copies on home video, and the Dirty Dancing soundtrack created by Jimmy Ienner generated two multi-platinum albums and multiple singles, including \" The Time of My Life\", which won both the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song, and a Grammy Award for best duet. The film spawned a 2004 reboot, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, as well as a stage version which has had sellout performances in Australia, Europe, and North America, with plans to open on Broadway.
/m/010xjr	Richard St John Harris was an Irish actor, singer, theatrical producer, film director and writer. He appeared on stage and in many films, and is perhaps best known for his role as Frank Machin in This Sporting Life. He is also known for playing King Arthur in the 1967 film Camelot and the subsequent 1981 revival of the show. He played an aristocrat and prisoner in A Man Called Horse, a gunfighter in Clint Eastwood's Western film Unforgiven, Emperor Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator, and Albus Dumbledore in both Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Harris had a top ten hit in the UK and the US with his 1968 recording of Jimmy Webb's song \"MacArthur Park\".
/m/027mdh	The University of San Francisco is a Jesuit Catholic university located in San Francisco, California, United States. Founded in 1855, USF was established as the first university in San Francisco. It is the second oldest institution for higher learning in California, the tenth-oldest university of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities, and the eighth largest Jesuit university in the United States.\nThe school's main campus is located on a 55-acre setting between the Golden Gate Bridge and Golden Gate Park. Its nickname is \"The Hilltop\" as the campus is located at Lone Mountain, the peak of one of San Francisco's major hills. Its close historical ties with the City and County of San Francisco are reflected in the University's motto, Pro Urbe et Universitate. USF's Jesuit-Roman Catholic identity is rooted in the symbolic vision of St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Jesuit order.
/m/016vqk	Lionel Brockman Richie, Jr. is an American singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and actor. Beginning in 1968, he was a member of the musical group Commodores signed to Motown Records. Richie made his solo debut in 1982 with the album Lionel Richie and number-one hit \"Truly\".
/m/02y0js	A stroke, sometimes referred to as a cerebrovascular accident, cerebrovascular insult, or colloquially brain attack is the rapid loss of brain function due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain. This can be due to ischemia caused by blockage, or a hemorrhage. As a result, the affected area of the brain cannot function, which might result in an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body, inability to understand or formulate speech, or an inability to see one side of the visual field.\nA stroke is a medical emergency and can cause permanent neurological damage and death. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, previous stroke or transient ischemic attack, diabetes, high cholesterol, tobacco smoking and atrial fibrillation. High blood pressure is the most important modifiable risk factor of stroke. It is the second leading cause of death worldwide.\nAn ischemic stroke is occasionally treated in a hospital with thrombolysis, and some hemorrhagic strokes benefit from neurosurgery. Treatment to recover any lost function is termed stroke rehabilitation, ideally in a stroke unit and involving health professions such as speech and language therapy, physical therapy and occupational therapy. Prevention of recurrence may involve the administration of antiplatelet drugs such as aspirin and dipyridamole, control and reduction of high blood pressure, and the use of statins. Selected patients may benefit from carotid endarterectomy and the use of anticoagulants.
/m/0yzbg	Dead Poets Society is a 1989 American drama film directed by Peter Weir and starring Robin Williams. Set at the conservative and aristocratic Welton Academy in Vermont in 1959, it tells the story of an English teacher who inspires his students through his teaching of poetry. The film was critically acclaimed and was nominated for many awards.\nThe script was written by Tom Schulman, based on his life at the Montgomery Bell Academy in Nashville, Tennessee. Filming took place at St. Andrew's School in Middletown, Delaware.
/m/013y1f	In music, the organ is a keyboard instrument of one or more divisions, each played with its own keyboard, played either with the hands or with the feet. The organ is a relatively old musical instrument in the Western musical tradition, dating from the time of Ctesibius of Alexandria who is credited with inventing the hydraulis. By around the 8th century, it had overcome early associations with gladiatorial combat and gradually assumed a prominent place in the liturgy of the Catholic Church. Subsequently it re-emerged as a secular and recital instrument.
/m/0gy0l_	Letters from Iwo Jima is a 2006 American war film directed and co-produced by Clint Eastwood, starring Ken Watanabe and Kazunari Ninomiya. The film portrays the Battle of Iwo Jima from the perspective of the Japanese soldiers and is a companion piece to Eastwood's Flags of Our Fathers, which depicts the same battle from the American viewpoint; the two films were shot back to back. Letters from Iwo Jima is almost entirely in Japanese, although it was produced by American companies Warner Bros. Pictures, DreamWorks Pictures, Malpaso Productions, and Amblin Entertainment. After the box office failure of Flags of Our Fathers, DreamWorks sold the United States distribution rights to Warner Bros., who had the international rights.\nLetters from Iwo Jima was released in Japan on December 9, 2006 and received a limited release in the United States on December 20, 2006 in order to be eligible for consideration for the 79th Academy Awards. It was subsequently released in more areas of the U.S. on January 12, 2007, and was released in most states on January 19. An English-dubbed version of the film premiered on April 7, 2008. Upon release, the film received considerable acclaim and did much better at the box office than its companion.
/m/01m65sp	Sean Taro Ono Lennon is an American musician and composer. He is the only child of John Lennon and Yoko Ono, making him the half-brother of Julian Lennon and Kyoko Chan Cox. His godfather is Elton John.
/m/01n3bm	Liver tumors or hepatic tumors are tumors or growths on or in the liver. Several distinct types of tumors can develop in the liver because the liver is made up of various cell types. These growths can be benign or malignant. They may be discovered on medical imaging, or may be present in patients as an abdominal mass, hepatomegaly, abdominal pain, jaundice, or some other liver dysfunction.
/m/0cqh6z	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Dramatic Television.
/m/02xry	Florida is a state in the southeastern region of the United States, bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida. Florida is the 22nd most extensive, the 4th most populous, and the 8th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state capital is Tallahassee, the largest city is Jacksonville, and the largest metropolitan area is the Miami metropolitan area.\nMuch of Florida is a peninsula between the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Straits of Florida. Its geography is notable for a coastline, omnipresent water and the threat of hurricanes. Florida has the longest coastline in the contiguous United States, encompassing approximately 1,350 miles, and is the only state that borders both the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. Much of the state is at or near sea level and is characterized by sedimentary soil. The climate varies from subtropical in the north to tropical in the south. Some of its most iconic animals, such as the American alligator, crocodile, Florida panther and the manatee, can be found in the Everglades National Park.\nSince the first European contact was made in 1513 by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León – who named it La Florida upon landing there during the Easter season, Pascua Florida – Florida was a challenge for the European colonial powers before it gained statehood in the United States in 1845. It was a principal location of the Seminole Wars against the Indians, and racial segregation after the American Civil War. Today, it is distinguished by its large Hispanic community, and high population growth, as well as its increasing environmental concerns. Its economy relies mainly on tourism, agriculture, and transportation, which developed in the late 19th century. Florida is also known for its amusement parks, the production of oranges, and the Kennedy Space Center.
/m/01bzw5	Loyola Marymount University is a private, co-educational university in the Jesuit and Marymount traditions located in Los Angeles, California, United States. The university is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities and one of five Marymount institutions of higher education.\nLoyola Marymount University traces its history through Loyola University, founded in 1911 as the successor to St. Vincent's College which was founded in 1865, and Marymount College, founded in 1933 with its roots in Marymount School which was founded in 1923. Loyola Marymount, which sits atop the bluffs overlooking Marina Del Rey and Playa Del Rey is the parent school to Loyola Law School located in downtown Los Angeles.\nAs of 2010, Loyola Marymount is one of the largest Roman Catholic universities on the West Coast with just over 9,000 undergraduate, graduate and law school students.
/m/07qg8v	8 Women is a 2002 French dark comedy musical film, written and directed by François Ozon. Based on the 1958 play by Robert Thomas, it features an ensemble cast of French high-profile actresses, including Danielle Darrieux, Catherine Deneuve, Isabelle Huppert, Emmanuelle Béart, Fanny Ardant, Virginie Ledoyen, Ludivine Sagnier, and Firmine Richard. Revolving around an eccentric family of women and their employees in the 1950s, the film follows eight women as they gather to celebrate Christmas in an isolated, snowbound cottage – only to find Marcel, the family's patriarch, dead with a knife in his back. Trapped in the house, every woman becomes a suspect, each having her own motive and secret.\nOzon initially envisioned to film a remake of George Cukor's 1939 film The Women, but eventually settled on Thomas's Huit femmes after legal reasons prevented him from doing so. Drawing inspiration from Cukor's screwball comedies of the late 1930s and the 1950s work of pioneering directors such as Douglas Sirk, Vincente Minnelli, and Alfred Hitchcock, 8 Women addresses themes like murder, greed, adultery, and homosexuality, mixing the genres of farce, melodrama, musical, and murder-mystery film. Primarily set in the entrance hall of a manor-house, the film recreates much of the play's original theatrical feeling. It also references as a pastiche of and homage to both the history of film and the actresses' filmographies.
/m/03f4xvm	Dante Terrell Smith, better known by the stage names Mos Def and Yasiin Bey, is an American actor and hip hop recording artist from Brooklyn, New York City, New York. He started his hip hop career in a group called Urban Thermo Dynamics, after which he appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul. With Talib Kweli, he formed the duo Black Star, which released the album Black Star in 1998. He was a major force in late 1990s underground hip hop while with Rawkus Records. As a solo artist he has released the albums Black on Both Sides in 1999, The New Danger in 2004, True Magic in 2006, and The Ecstatic in 2009.\nSince the early 2000s, Mos Def has become an actor with roles in films Something the Lord Made, Next Day Air, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Be Kind Rewind, The Italian Job, and his portrayal of Brother Sam in the American drama series Dexter. Mos Def has also been active in several social and political causes.
/m/01cssf	Romeo + Juliet is a 1996 American-Australian film adaptation of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. It was directed by Baz Luhrmann and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the leading roles. The film is an abridged modernization of Shakespeare's play. While it retains the original Shakespearean dialogue, the Montagues and the Capulets are represented as warring business empires and swords are replaced by guns.\nSome of the names were also changed. Lord and Lady Montague and Lord and Lady Capulet were given first names, Friar Lawrence became Father Lawrence, and Prince Escalus was renamed Captain Prince. There was also no Friar John, who was in the original play. Also, some characters were switched from one family to the other - in the original, Gregory and Sampson are Capulet, but in the film, they are Montagues.\nIn addition, a few plot details were shifted, most notably near the ending.
/m/01g42	Burton Stephen \"Burt\" Lancaster was an American film actor noted for his athletic physique, blue eyes, and distinctive smile. After initially building his career on \"tough guy\" roles Lancaster abandoned his \"all-American\" image in the late 1950s in favor of more complex and challenging roles, and came to be regarded as one of the best motion picture actors as a result.\nLancaster was nominated four times for Academy Awards and won once for his work in Elmer Gantry in 1960. He also won a Golden Globe for that performance and BAFTA Awards for The Birdman of Alcatraz and Atlantic City. His production company, Hecht-Hill-Lancaster, was the most successful and innovative star-driven independent production company in Hollywood in the 1950s, making movies such as Marty, Trapeze, Sweet Smell of Success, and Separate Tables.\nIn 1999, the American Film Institute named Lancaster 19th among the greatest male stars of all time.
/m/03m9c8	The Shubert Organization (Gerald Schoenfeld: Chairman; Philip J. Smith: President; Robert E. Wankel: Executive Vice President) is a theater company.
/m/0410cp	Annabeth Gish is an American actress. She has played roles in films Shag, Hiding Out, Mystic Pizza, The Last Supper and Double Jeopardy. On television, she played Special Agent Monica Reyes on The X-Files, Elizabeth Bartlet Westin on The West Wing and as Eileen Caffee on the Showtime drama Brotherhood.\nShe currently stars on the FX drama The Bridge.
/m/0828jw	Lost is an American television series that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010, over six seasons which contained a total of 121 episodes. Lost is a primarily character development based drama series containing elements of science fiction and the supernatural that follows the survivors of the crash of a commercial passenger jet flying between Sydney and Los Angeles, on a mysterious tropical island somewhere in the South Pacific Ocean. The story is told in a heavily serialized manner. Episodes typically feature a primary storyline on the island, as well as a secondary storyline from another point in a character's life.\nLost was created by Jeffrey Lieber, J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof who share story-writing credits for the pilot episode, which Abrams directed. Throughout the show's run, Lindelof and Carlton Cuse served as showrunners and head writers, working together with a large number of other executive producers and writers. Due to its large ensemble cast and the cost of filming primarily on location in Oahu, Hawaii, the series was one of the most expensive on television. The fictional universe and mythology of Lost is expanded upon by a number of related media, most importantly a series of short mini-episodes called Missing Pieces, and a 12-minute epilogue titled \"The New Man in Charge\".
/m/07dvs	Tajikistan, officially the Republic of Tajikistan, is a mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia. It borders Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan is separated from Tajikistan by the narrow Wakhan Corridor in the south.\nMost of Tajikistan's population belongs to the Persian-speaking Tajik ethnic group, who share language, culture and history with Afghanistan and Iran. Once part of the Samanid Empire, Tajikistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century, known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic. Mountains cover more than 90% of the republic. After independence, Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, newly established political stability and foreign aid have allowed the country's economy to grow. Trade in commodities such as cotton, aluminium and uranium has contributed greatly to this steady improvement.
/m/0371rb	Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart 1893 E. V., commonly known as VfB Stuttgart, is a German sports club based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. The club is best known for its football team which is part of Germany's first division Bundesliga, missing only two seasons of play since the top tier of the German football league system was established in 1963. VfB Stuttgart has won the national championship five times, most recently in 2006–07, and the DFB-Pokal three times.\nThe football team plays its home games at the Mercedes-Benz Arena, in the Neckarpark which is located near the Cannstatter Wasen where the city's Oktoberfest celebration takes place. Second team side VfB Stuttgart II currently plays in the 3. Liga, which is the highest division allowed for a reserve team. The club's junior teams have won the national U19 championships a record 10 times and the Under 17 Fußball-Bundesliga 6 times.\nA membership-based club with 45,636 members, VfB is the largest sports club in Baden-Württemberg and the fifth largest in Germany. It has departments for fistball, hockey, table-tennis and football referees, all of which compete only at the amateur level. The club also maintains a social department, the VfB-Garde.
/m/04y652m	Liquid Metal is a channel on Sirius XM Radio. The channel was originally launched as Hard Attack, and was only located on Sirius 27, moving to Sirius 40 on May 4, 2011. The channel plays a variety of metal from classic to contemporary. Its catchphrase is \"the heaviest music on or off the planet\".\nThe station plays such popular acts as Metallica, Megadeth, Pantera, Slipknot, Anthrax, Slayer, Killswitch Engage, Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne, Iron Maiden, King Diamond, Venom, Judas Priest, Motörhead, Cannibal Corpse, Testament, Sepultura, Prong and many more. On November 12, 2008, Hard Attack merged with XM Liquid Metal as part of the Sirius/XM merger, renaming the channel as Liquid Metal. The channel was also added to XM channel 42 at the time, replacing XM Liquid Metal, and is now on XM 40. This channel can also be heard on Dish Network channel 6027. Until February 9, 2010, it was on Direct TV channel 841.\nSirius XM pre-empted Liquid Metal on March 14, 2009 at 6pm ET for Mandatory Metallica until April 13, 2009 at 3am ET.
/m/08jfkw	Austin Pendleton is an American film, television, and stage actor, a playwright, and a theatre director and instructor.
/m/02n9nmz	The British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award for Best Adapted Screenplay has been presented to its winners since 1968:
/m/0cbm64	The Jonas Brothers were an American pop rock band. Formed in 2005, they gained popularity from the Disney Channel children's television network and consists of three brothers from Wyckoff, New Jersey; Paul Kevin Jonas II, Joseph Adam Jonas and Nicholas Jerry Jonas. In the summer of 2008 they starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie Camp Rock and its sequel, Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam. They also starred as Kevin, Joe, and Nick Lucas, the band JONAS, in their own Disney Channel series JONAS, which was later re-branded for its second season as Jonas L.A. The show was eventually cancelled after two seasons. The band released four albums: It's About Time, Jonas Brothers, A Little Bit Longer, and Lines, Vines and Trying Times.\nIn 2008, the group was nominated for the Best New Artist award at the 51st Grammy Awards and won the award for Breakthrough Artist at the American Music Awards. As of May 2009, before the release of Lines, Vines and Trying Times, they have sold over eight million albums worldwide. After a hiatus during 2010 and 2011 to pursue solo-projects, the group reconciled in 2012 to record a new album, which was cancelled following their break-up on October 29, 2013.
/m/0c408_	Christopher Cerf is a U.S. author, composer-lyricist, voice actor, and record and television producer. He is known for his musical contributions to Sesame Street, for co-creating and co-producing the award-winning PBS literacy education television program Between the Lions, and for his humorous articles and books.\nHis father was co-founder of Random House, publisher, editor and TV panelist, Bennett Cerf. His mother was journalist and children's book publisher, Phyllis Fraser.
/m/02v406	Dolph Lundgren is a Swedish actor, director, and martial artist. He belongs to a generation of film actors who epitomise the action hero stereotype, alongside Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bruce Willis, Steven Seagal, and Jean-Claude Van Damme.\nHe received a degree in chemistry from Washington State University in 1976, a degree in chemical engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in the early 1980s, then a Master's Degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Sydney in Sydney in 1982. Lundgren holds a rank of 3rd dan black belt in Kyokushin Karate and was European champion in 1980 and 1981. While in Sydney, he became a bodyguard for Jamaican singer Grace Jones and began a relationship with her. They moved together to New York City, where after a short stint as a model and bouncer at the Manhattan nightclub The Limelight, Jones got him a small debut role in the James Bond film A View to a Kill as a KGB henchman.\nLundgren's breakthrough came when he starred in Rocky IV in 1985 as the imposing Russian boxer Ivan Drago. Since then, he has starred in more than 40 movies, almost all of them in the action genre. He portrayed He-Man in the 1987 film Masters of the Universe, and Frank Castle in the 1989 film The Punisher. In the early 1990s, he also appeared in films such as Showdown in Little Tokyo, alongside Brandon Lee; Universal Soldier, opposite Jean-Claude Van Damme; Joshua Tree, opposite Kristian Alfonso and George Segal; Johnny Mnemonic, opposite Keanu Reeves and Ice-T; and Blackjack, directed by John Woo. In 2004, Lundgren directed his first picture, The Defender, and subsequently helmed The Mechanik, Missionary Man, Command Performance, and Icarus, in which he also starred. After a long spell performing in direct-to-video films, 2010 marked his return to theatres with The Expendables, an on-screen reunion with Stallone, alongside an all-action star cast which included, among others, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Stone Cold Steve Austin, and Mickey Rourke. He reprised his role as Gunner Jensen in The Expendables 2 in 2012.
/m/01p1b	Chad, officially the Republic of Chad, is a landlocked country in Central Africa. It is bordered by Libya to the north, Sudan to the east, the Central African Republic to the south, Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest and Niger to the west.\nChad is divided into multiple regions: a desert zone in the north, an arid Sahelian belt in the centre and a more fertile Sudanese savanna zone in the south. Lake Chad, after which the country is named, is the largest wetland in Chad and the second-largest in Africa. Chad's highest peak is the Emi Koussi in the Sahara, and N'Djamena, the capital, is the largest city. Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups. Arabic and French are the official languages. Islam and Christianity are the most widely practiced religions.\nBeginning in the 7th millennium BC, human populations moved into the Chadian basin in great numbers. By the end of the 1st millennium BC, a series of states and empires rose and fell in Chad's Sahelian strip, each focused on controlling the trans-Saharan trade routes that passed through the region. France conquered the territory by 1920 and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa. In 1960, Chad obtained independence under the leadership of François Tombalbaye. Resentment towards his policies in the Muslim north culminated in the eruption of a long-lasting civil war in 1965. In 1978, the rebels conquered the capital and put an end to the south's hegemony. However, the rebel commanders fought amongst themselves until Hissène Habré defeated his rivals. He was overthrown in 1990 by his general Idriss Déby. Since 2003, the Darfur crisis in Sudan has spilt over the border and destabilised the nation, with hundreds of thousands of Sudanese refugees living in and around camps in eastern Chad.
/m/0lhp1	Real Zaragoza, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Zaragoza, in the autonomous community of Aragon. Founded on 18 March 1932 it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home games at La Romareda, which seats 34,596 spectators.\nThe club has spent the majority of its history in La Liga, winning the Copa del Rey six times and the 1994–95 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, amongst other trophies. Traditionally, team colours are white shirts and socks with royal blue shorts.\nA government survey in 2007 found that 2.7% of the Spanish population support the club, making them the seventh-most supported in the country.
/m/01cx_	Boston is the capital and largest city of the state of Massachusetts, in the United States. Boston also serves as county seat of the state's Suffolk County. The largest city in New England, the city proper, covering 48 square miles, had an estimated population of 636,000 in 2012, making it the 21st largest city in the United States. The city is the anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston, home to 4.5 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan area in the country. Greater Boston as a commuting region is home to 7.6 million people, making it the sixth-largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States.\nOne of the oldest cities in the United States, Boston was founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan colonists from England. It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution, such as the Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, the Battle of Bunker Hill and the Siege of Boston. Upon American independence from Great Britain, the city continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub, as well as a center for education and culture. Through land reclamation and municipal annexation, Boston has expanded beyond the original peninsula. Its rich history helps attract many tourists, with Faneuil Hall alone attracting over 20 million visitors. Boston's many \"firsts\" include the United States' first public school, and first subway system.
/m/07yvsn	Oscar®-winning\nSofia Coppola brings to the screen an imaginative interpretation of the life of\nFrance’s\nlegendary teenage queen Marie Antoinette. When betrothed to King Louis\nXVI (Jason Schwartzman), the naïve Marie Antoinette (Kirsten Dunst) enters the\nopulent French court which is steeped in conspiracy and scandal. Without guidance, adrift in a dangerous\nworld, the young girl rebels against the isolated atmosphere at Versailles and becomes France’s most misunderstood\nmonarch.
/m/03xb2w	Kevin George Knipfing, better known by his stage name Kevin James, is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer. James is widely known for playing Doug Heffernan on the hit CBS sitcom The King of Queens. James is also known for his lead roles in the comedy films I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, Paul Blart: Mall Cop, Grown Ups, Zookeeper, and Here Comes the Boom.
/m/06pr6	Saint Petersburg is a city and a federal subject of Russia located on the Neva River at the head of the Gulf of Finland on the Baltic Sea. In 1914 the name of the city was changed from Saint Petersburg to Petrograd, in 1924 to Leningrad, and in 1991, back to Saint Petersburg.\nIn Russian literature, informal documents, and discourse, the \"Saint\" is usually omitted, leaving Petersburg. In common parlance Russians may drop \"-burg\" as well, referring to it as Pieter.\nSaint Petersburg was founded by the Tsar Peter the Great on May 27 [O.S. 16] 1703. From 1713 to 1728 and from 1732 to 1918, Saint Petersburg was the Imperial capital of Russia. In 1918 the central government bodies moved from Saint Petersburg to Moscow. It is Russia's 2nd largest city after Moscow with 5 million inhabitants and the fourth most populated federal subject. Saint Petersburg is a major European cultural center, and also an important Russian port on the Baltic Sea.\nSaint Petersburg is often described as the most Western city of Russia, as well as its cultural capital. It is the northernmost city in the world to have a population of over five million. The Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments constitute a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Saint Petersburg is also home to The Hermitage, one of the largest art museums in the world. A large number of foreign consulates, international corporations, banks and other businesses are located in Saint Petersburg.
/m/07mvp	The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The first settled line-up consisted of Brian Jones, Ian Stewart, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Bill Wyman and Charlie Watts. Jones left the band less than a month prior to his death in 1969, having already been replaced by Mick Taylor, who left in 1975. Since then Ronnie Wood has been on guitar in tandem with Richards. Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones has been the main bassist. Stewart was removed from the official lineup in 1963 but continued as occasional pianist until his death in 1985. Other notable keyboardist for the band have included Nicky Hopkins, active from 1967 to 1982, and Chuck Leavell, active since 1982. The band was first led by Jones, but after teaming as the band's songwriters, Jagger and Richards assumed defacto leadership.\nThe Rolling Stones were in the vanguard of the British Invasion of bands that became popular in the US in 1964–65. At first noted for their longish hair as much as their music, the band are identified with the youthful and rebellious counterculture of the 1960s. They were instrumental in making blues a major part of rock and roll, and of changing the international focus of blues culture to the less sophisticated blues typified by Chess Records artists such as Muddy Waters, writer of \"Rollin' Stone\", the song after which the band is named. Musicologist Robert Palmer attributed the \"remarkable endurance\" of the Rolling Stones to being \"rooted in traditional verities, in rhythm-and-blues and soul music\" while \"more ephemeral pop fashions have come and gone\".
/m/01hq1	Batman Returns is a 1992 American superhero fantasy film produced and directed by Tim Burton, based upon the Batman character appearing in magazines published by DC Comics. It is the second installment of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series, with Michael Keaton reprising the title role of Bruce Wayne/Batman. The film introduces the characters of Max Shreck, a business tycoon who teams up with the Penguin to take over Gotham City, as well as the character of Catwoman.\nBurton originally did not want to direct another Batman film because of his mixed emotions toward the previous film in 1989. Daniel Waters delivered a script that satisfied Burton; Wesley Strick did an uncredited rewrite, removing the characters of Harvey Dent and Robin and rewriting the climax. Before Pfeiffer's casting, Demi Moore and Nicole Kidman were each offered the role of Catwoman, but both of them turned it down. Filming of Batman Returns started in Burbank, California in June 1991.\nBatman Returns was released on June 19, 1992 to financial and critical success, though it caused some controversy for being darker than its predecessor. The film's budget was an estimated $80 million, while it made $45,687,710 in the United States during its opening weekend, grossing $282,800,000 worldwide. The film was nominated for the Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects and Best Makeup, as well as winning the Saturn Award for Best Makeup. It was also nominated for a Saturn Award in the categories of Best Fantasy Film, Best Director for Burton, Best Supporting Actor for DeVito and Best Costume.
/m/03d3ht	Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny is an anime television series, acting as a sequel of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED by Sunrise. It retains most of the staff from Gundam SEED, including Director Mitsuo Fukuda. Set two years after the original Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, the plot follows the new character Shinn Asuka, a soldier from ZAFT, composed of humans born genetically enhanced labelled as Coordinators. As ZAFT is about to enter into another war against the regular human race, the Naturals, the series focuses on Shinn's as well as various returning characters' involvement in the war. The series spanned 50 episodes, aired in Japan from October 9, 2004 to October 1, 2005 on the Japan News Network television stations Tokyo Broadcasting System and Mainichi Broadcasting System.\nIn December 2005, Sunrise aired a special episode that remade the events from the series' last episode. A series of four films compilating the series has also been released in Japan. Gundam SEED was adapted into various manga adaptations and light novels published by Kodansha and Kadokawa Shoten. Bandai Entertainment licensed the series for North America release, and has published it in DVD volumes. Some episodes also aired in Canada, while the compilations films were also released in DVDs. The first manga was licensed and published by Del Rey Manga. Various types of merchandising have also been released, including CD soundtracks and video games.
/m/06k176	Rome is a British-American-Italian historical drama television series created by Bruno Heller, John Milius and William J. MacDonald. The show's two seasons premiered in 2005 and 2007, and were later released on DVD and Blu-ray. Rome is set in the 1st century BC, during Ancient Rome's transition from Republic to Empire. The series begins with Julius Caesar's conquest of Gaul, and the first season concludes with the assassination of Caesar followed by the rise of the first Emperor Augustus, also known as Gaius Octavian.\nThe series features a sprawling ensemble cast of characters, many of whom are based on real figures from historical records, but the lead protagonists are ultimately two soldiers, Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo, who find their lives intertwined with key historical events. Rome was a ratings success for HBO and the BBC. The series received much media attention from the start, and was honored with numerous awards and nominations in its two-season run. Co-creator Heller stated in December 2008 that a Rome movie was in development, but as of the end of 2013 no further production had been initiated. The series was filmed in various locations, but most notably in the Cinecittà studios in Italy.
/m/06fmdb	Steven Epstein, an American producer of classical music received a B.Sc. in Music education from Hofstra University in 1973.\nOver the years, Epstein has worked with artists such as Yo-Yo Ma, Wynton Marsalis, Plácido Domingo, Isaac Stern, Itzhak Perlman, Murray Perahia, Emanuel Ax, Bobby McFerrin, and groups such as Juilliard String Quartet, Tokyo String Quartet, Fine Arts Quartet, Punch Brothers. He has worked with the Vienna, Berlin and New York Philharmonic Orchestras, and with the Chicago, Cleveland, London, Concertgebouw, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and Los Angeles Symphony Orchestras. Epstein is formerly the Senior Executive Producer of Sony Classical and currently produces and engineers independently. He has won 17 Grammys, including 7 for Classical Producer of the Year and 1 for Classical Album of the Year.\nHe is also adjunct professor of Classical Music Recording at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
/m/0gg7gsl	The 36th annual Toronto International Film Festival, was held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada between September 8 and September 18, 2011. Buenos Aires, Argentina was selected to be showcased for the 2011 City to City programme. The opening film was From the Sky Down, a documentary film about the band U2, directed by Davis Guggenheim. Considerable media attention at the time focused on Madonna's behaviour during the festival.
/m/0m_q0	Sayonara is a 1957 color American film starring Marlon Brando. The picture tells the story of an American Air Force flier who was an ace fighter pilot during the Korean War.\nSayonara won four Academy Awards, including acting honors for co-stars Red Buttons and Miyoshi Umeki.\nThe film's screenplay was adapted by Paul Osborn from the novel by James Michener, and was produced by William Goetz and directed by Joshua Logan. Unlike most 1950s romantic dramas, Sayonara deals squarely with racism and prejudice. The supporting cast also features Patricia Owens, James Garner, Martha Scott, Ricardo Montalban, and Miiko Taka.
/m/030_1_	Amblin Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded by director and producer Steven Spielberg and film producers Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall in 1981.
/m/0781g	Symphonic rock is a sub-genre of progressive rock. Since early in progressive rock's history, the term has been used to distinguish more classically-influenced progressive rock from the more psychedelic and experimental forms of progressive rock.\nSymphonic rock can be described as the combining of progressive rock with classical music traditions. Some artists perform rock arrangements of themes from classical music or compose original pieces in classical composition structures. Additionally, they may play with the accompaniment of a symphony orchestra or use a synthesizer or mellotron to emulate orchestral instruments.\nAs the term is used in music criticism, orchestral renditions of hit rock and pop songs do not necessarily qualify as symphonic rock, though various outlets sometimes market them using that term. Using an orchestra does not make a piece symphonic rock; it must meet the criteria for being progressive rock in addition to the qualities listed for being symphonic.
/m/01w5n51	MGMT is an American rock band founded by Benjamin Goldwasser and Andrew VanWyngarden. After the release of their first album, the members of their live band, Matthew Asti, James Richardson and Will Berman, joined the core band in the studio. Formed at Wesleyan University and originally with Cantora Records, they signed with Columbia Records and Red Ink in 2006.\nOn October 5, 2007, Spin.com named MGMT \"Artist of the Day.\" On November 14, 2007, Rolling Stone pegged MGMT as a top ten \"Artist to Watch\" in 2008. The band was named ninth in the BBC's Sound of 2008 Top Ten Poll. They were also named as Last.fm's most played new artist of 2008 in their Best of 2008 list.\nMGMT's first album, Oracular Spectacular, debuted at No. 12 on the UK album chart, No. 13 after 34 weeks in the New Zealand RIANZ charts, number six on the Australian ARIA Charts, and hit number one on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart. It has also been named the 18th best album of the decade by Rolling Stone magazine. It was named the best album of 2008 by NME. MGMT also appeared prominently in Australia's Triple J Hottest 100 2008, coming in 2nd with \"Electric Feel\", 5th with \"Kids\" and 18th with \"Time to Pretend\". MGMT was nominated for the 2010 Grammy Award for Best New Artist, and their track \"Kids\" was nominated for Best Pop Performance By a Duo or Group with Vocals. These are the first Grammy nominations for the band. At the 2009 Grammy Awards, the Justice remix of \"Electric Feel\" won the Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical. Their second album, Congratulations, was released on April 13, 2010. In January 2011 they began work on their third album, MGMT. It was released on September 17, 2013, and was released as an early exclusive on the Rdio music service on September 9, 2013.
/m/071nw5	Little Children is a 2006 American drama film directed by Todd Field. It is based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta, who along with Field wrote the screenplay. It stars Kate Winslet, Patrick Wilson, Jennifer Connelly, Jackie Earle Haley, Noah Emmerich, Gregg Edelman, Phyllis Somerville and Will Lyman. The original music score is composed by Thomas Newman. The film premiered at the 44th New York Film Festival organized by the Film Society of Lincoln Center. It earned 3 nominations at the 79th Academy Awards: Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Haley, Academy Award for Best Actress for Winslet and Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for Field and Perrotta.
/m/03tmr	Ice hockey is a team sport played on ice in which skaters use sticks to shoot a hard rubber hockey puck into their opponent's net to score points. In some countries, such as Canada, the United States and those of Europe like Sweden among others, it is known as \"hockey\"; the name \"ice hockey\" is used in countries where \"hockey\" generally refers to field hockey.\nA team usually consists of four lines of three forwards, three pairs of defensemen, and two goalies. Five members of each team skate up and down the ice trying to take the puck and score a goal against the opposing team. Each team has a goaltender who tries to stop the puck from going into the goal.\nA fast-paced physical sport, hockey is most popular in areas of North America and Europe. In North America, the National Hockey League is the highest level for men's hockey and the most popular. Ice hockey is the official national winter sport of Canada, where the game enjoys immense popularity. The first organized game was played on March 3, 1875, in Montreal.\n162 of 177 medals at the IIHF World Championships have been taken by seven nations: Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, Russia, Slovakia, Sweden and the United States. Of the 66 medals awarded in men's competition at the Olympics from 1920, only six medals did not go to one of those countries. All 12 Olympic and 36 IIHF World Women's Championships medals have gone to one of these seven countries, and every gold medal in both competitions has been won by either Canada or the United States.
/m/02_j1w	In the sport of association football, a defender is an outfield player whose primary role is to prevent the opposition from attacking.\nThere are four types of defender: centre-back, sweeper, full-back and wing-back. The centre-back and full-back positions are essential in most modern formations. The sweeper and wing-back roles are more specialised for certain formations.
/m/024fz9	The Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for works containing quality \"spoken word\" performances aimed at children. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented to Audrey Hepburn and producers Deborah Raffin and Michael Viner in 1994 for the album Audrey Hepburn's Enchanted Tales. Its last winners were the artists, producers, audio engineers, and audio mixers who contributed to the album Julie Andrews' Collection of Poems, Songs, and Lullabies in 2011, when it was announced the award would be combined with the Grammy Award for Best Musical Album for Children to form the Grammy Award for Best Children's Album.\nTom Chapin and producers Arnold Cardillo and David Rapkin, and audio engineer-musical director Rory Young hold the record for the most wins in this category, with a total of three. Artists Bill Harley and Jim Dale, along with audio engineer David Correia, are the other musicians to win the award more than once, all winning it twice. Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has also won the award, along with Mikhail Gorbachev and Sophia Loren, for their work on the album Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf at the 2003 installment of the awards.
/m/018ygt	Alexander Rae \"Alec\" Baldwin III is an American actor who has appeared on film, stage, and television. He is the eldest of the four Baldwin brothers, all well-known actors, and a member of the Baldwin family.\nBaldwin first gained recognition appearing on seasons six and seven of the CBS television drama Knots Landing, in the role of Joshua Rush. He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as Beetlejuice, The Hunt for Red October, The Marrying Man, The Shadow, The Aviator and The Departed. His performance in the 2003 film The Cooler garnered him an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor nomination.\nFrom 2006 to 2013, he starred as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock, receiving critical acclaim for his performance and winning two Emmy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the show, making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards.\nBaldwin is a columnist for The Huffington Post. He was host of MSNBC's Up Late with Alec Baldwin, which lasted for five episodes until he was fired on November 26, 2013.
/m/09f6b	A luge is a small one- or two-person sled on which one sleds supine and feet-first. Steering is done by flexing the sled's runners with the calf of each leg or exerting opposite shoulder pressure to the seat. Racing sleds weigh 21–25 kilograms for singles and 25–30 kilograms for doubles. Luge is also the name of an Olympic sport. Lugers can reach speeds of 140 km per hour. Manuel Pfister of Austria, reached a top speed of 154 km per hour on the track in Whistler, Canada prior to the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics. Lugers compete against a timer and are timed to a thousandth of a second, making luge one of the most precisely timed sports in the world. The first recorded use of the term \"luge\" is 1905, from the Savoy/Swiss dialect of French \"luge\" meaning \"small coasting sled\", and is possibly from a Gaulish word with the same root as English sled.
/m/030qb3t	Los Angeles, officially the City of Los Angeles, often known by its initials L.A., is the most populous city in the U.S. state of California and the second-most populous in the United States, after New York City, with a population at the 2010 United States Census of 3,792,621. It has a land area of 469 square miles, and is located in Southern California.\nThe city is the focal point of the larger Los Angeles–Long Beach–Santa Ana metropolitan statistical area and Greater Los Angeles Area region, which contain 13 million and over 18 million people in Combined statistical area respectively as of 2010, making it one of the most populous metropolitan areas in the world and the second-largest in the United States. Los Angeles is also the seat of Los Angeles County, the most populated and one of the most ethnically diverse counties in the United States, while the entire Los Angeles area itself has been recognized as the most diverse of the nation's largest cities. The city's inhabitants are referred to as Angelenos.\nLos Angeles was founded on September 4, 1781, by Spanish governor Felipe de Neve. It became a part of Mexico in 1821 following the Mexican War of Independence. In 1848, at the end of the Mexican–American War, Los Angeles and the rest of California were purchased as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, thereby becoming part of the United States. Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850, five months before California achieved statehood.
/m/016ckq	Motown is an American record company founded by Berry Gordy, Jr. in 1959 in Detroit, Michigan, in the United States. The name, a portmanteau of motor and town, is also a nickname for Detroit. Motown played an important role in the racial integration of popular music by achieving a crossover success. In the 1960s, Motown and its subsidiaries were the most successful proponents of what came to be known as \"The Motown Sound\", a style of soul music with a distinct pop influence. During the 1960s, Motown achieved spectacular success for a small record company: 79 records in the Billboard Top Ten between 1960 and 1969.\nGordy originally set up two nominally separate labels in 1959, in order to avoid accusations of payola should DJs play too many records from one label. The two labels featured the same writers, producers and artists, and they were both formally incorporated together as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960.\nMany more subsidiary labels were established later under the umbrella of the Motown parent company, including Gordy Records, Soul Records and VIP Records; in reality the Motown Record Corporation controlled all of these labels. Most of the distinctions between Motown labels were largely arbitrary, with the same writers, producers and musicians working on all the major subsidiaries, and artists were often shuffled between labels for internal marketing reasons. All of these records are usually considered to be \"Motown\", regardless of whether they actually appeared on the Motown Records label itself.
/m/04v7k2	Joseph Vijay Chandrasekhar is an Indian actor, playback singer and producer, who works in the Tamil film industry. Son of film director and producer S. A. Chandrasekhar, he started his career as a child actor and later made his debut as a lead actor in the 1992 film Naalaya Theerpu.\nHe launched the Vijay Makkal Iyakkam, a social welfare organisation in 2009.
/m/0418wg	Ocean's Twelve is a 2004 American crime comedy film, the sequel to 2001's Ocean's Eleven. Like its predecessor, which was a remake of the 1960 heist film Ocean's 11, the film was directed by Steven Soderbergh and used an ensemble cast. It was released in the United States on December 10, 2004. A third film, Ocean's Thirteen, was released on June 8, 2007, in the United States—thus forming the Ocean's Trilogy. The film stars George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Andy García, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Bernie Mac. It was the tenth highest-grossing film of 2004.
/m/01gvxh	The 38th Canadian Parliament was in session from October 4, 2004 until November 29, 2005. The membership was set by the 2004 federal election on June 28, 2004, and it changed only somewhat due to resignations and by-elections, but due to the seat distribution, those few changes significantly affected the distribution of power. It was dissolved prior to the 2006 election.\nIt was controlled by a Liberal Party minority under Prime Minister Paul Martin and the 27th Canadian Ministry. The Official Opposition was the Conservative Party, led by Stephen Harper.\nThe Speaker was Peter Milliken. See also List of Canadian federal electoral districts for a list of the ridings in this parliament.\nThere was one session of the 38th Parliament:\nThe parliament was dissolved following a vote of non-confidence passed on 28 November by the opposition Conservatives, supported by the New Democratic Party and Bloc Québécois. Consequently, a federal election was held on 23 January 2006 to choose the next parliament.
/m/0291ck	Young Frankenstein is a 1974 American comedy film directed by Mel Brooks and starring Gene Wilder as the title character, a descendant of the infamous Dr. Victor Frankenstein. The supporting cast includes Teri Garr, Cloris Leachman, Marty Feldman, Peter Boyle, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, Richard Haydn and Gene Hackman. The screenplay was written by Wilder and Brooks.\nThe film is an affectionate parody of the classical horror film genre, in particular the various film adaptations of Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein produced by Universal in the 1930s. Most of the lab equipment used as props were created by Kenneth Strickfaden for the 1931 film Frankenstein. To further reflect the atmosphere of the earlier films, Brooks shot the picture entirely in black-and-white, a rarity in the 1970s, and employed 1930s-style opening credits and scene transitions such as iris outs, wipes, and fades to black. The film also features a notable period score by Brooks' longtime composer John Morris.\nA critical favorite and box office smash, Young Frankenstein ranks No. 28 on Total Film magazine's \"List of the 50 Greatest Comedy Films of All Time\", number 56 on Bravo TV's list of the \"100 Funniest Movies\", and number 13 on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 funniest American movies. In 2003, it was deemed \"culturally, historically or aesthetically significant\" by the United States National Film Preservation Board, and selected for preservation in the Library of Congress National Film Registry. It also has 94% on Rotten Tomatoes, where it was Certified Fresh; the consensus reads: \"Made with obvious affection for the original, Young Frankenstein is a riotously silly spoof featuring a fantastic performance by Gene Wilder.\"
/m/0c5dd	It Happened One Night is a 1934 American romantic comedy film with elements of screwball comedy directed by Frank Capra, in which a pampered socialite tries to get out from under her father's thumb, and falls in love with a roguish reporter. The plot was based on the August 1933 short story Night Bus by Samuel Hopkins Adams, which provided the shooting title. It Happened One Night was one of the last romantic comedies created before the MPAA began enforcing the 1930 production code in 1934.\nThe film was the first to win all five major Academy Awards, a feat that would not be matched until One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and later by The Silence of the Lambs. In 1993, It Happened One Night was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\" In 2013, the film underwent an extensive restoration.
/m/050zr4	Virginia G. Madsen is an American actress and documentary film producer. She came to fame during the 1980s, having appeared in several films aimed at a teenage audience. Two decades later, she had an Academy Award and Golden Globe–nominated role in the 2004 film Sideways. Other films she appeared in include Candyman, The Prophecy, Ghosts of Mississippi, The Rainmaker, The Haunting, The Number 23, The Haunting in Connecticut and The Magic of Belle Isle.
/m/0dxtg	A screenwriter or scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting, writing screenplays on which mass media such as films, television programs, comics or video games are based.
/m/0c40vxk	Haywire is a 2011 action-thriller film directed by Steven Soderbergh, starring Gina Carano, Michael Fassbender, Ewan McGregor, Bill Paxton, Channing Tatum, Antonio Banderas, and Michael Douglas.
/m/03h2d4	Mark Strong is an English film and television actor. He is best known for his roles in films such as RocknRolla, Body of Lies, Syriana, The Young Victoria, Sherlock Holmes, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Kick-Ass, Green Lantern, Zero Dark Thirty, Robin Hood, and John Carter. He often portrays villains or antagonists.
/m/01hnb	Bob Jones University is a private, non-denominational Protestant university in Greenville, South Carolina.\nThe university was founded in 1927 by evangelist Bob Jones, Sr.. Stephen Jones is the great-grandson of the founder and was the fourth consecutive member of the Jones family to serve as president. He resigned in December 2013, the resignation to be effective in May 2014.\nSince 2005 BJU has been accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools. The university enrolls approximately 3,800 students representing every state and fifty foreign countries, employs a staff of 1,450, and conducts precollege education from pre-kindergarten through high school. In 2008, the university estimated the number of its graduates at 35,000.\nBJU's athletic teams compete in Division I of the National Christian College Athletic Association and are collectively known as the Bruins.
/m/051zy_b	A Few Good Men is a 1992 American drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, and Demi Moore, with Kevin Bacon, Kevin Pollak, James Marshall, J. T. Walsh, and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles. It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name. A courtroom drama, the film revolves around the court martial of two U.S. Marines charged with the murder of a fellow Marine and the tribulations of their lawyers as they prepare a case to defend their clients.
/m/02lq5w	A silver medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of, or plated with, silver awarded to the second place finisher, or runner-up, of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the third place a bronze medal. More generally, silver is traditionally a metal sometimes used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones.
/m/06zn2v2	Don't Be Afraid of the Dark is a 2011 American dark fantasy horror film written by Matthew Robbins and Guillermo del Toro, directed by comic book artist Troy Nixey and filmed at the Drusilla Mansion in Mount Macedon, Victoria and Melbourne, Australia. The film stars Katie Holmes, Guy Pearce, and Bailee Madison, as a family moving into a 19th-century Rhode Island mansion, where the withdrawn daughter begins to witness malevolent creatures that emerge from a sealed ash pit in the basement of the house. It is a remake of the 1973 ABC made-for-television horror film of the same name that starred Kim Darby.
/m/0czp_	The Academy Award for Best Story was an Academy Award given from the beginning of the Academy Awards until 1957, when it was eliminated in favor of the Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay, which had been introduced in 1940.
/m/04bd8y	Richard Schiff is an American actor. He is best known for playing Toby Ziegler on the NBC television drama The West Wing, a role for which he received an Emmy Award. Schiff made his directorial debut with The West Wing, directing an episode entitled \"Talking Points.\"
/m/01qqtr	Jennifer Jason Leigh is an American film and stage actress. She has appeared in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Hudsucker Proxy, Single White Female, Last Exit to Brooklyn, Georgia and Short Cuts. She is also the co-writer and co-director of the film The Anniversary Party, made with fellow actor Alan Cumming.\nLeigh has a reputation for playing characters on society's bottom rung, often prostitutes or junkies. She is also known for her intensive method-inspired research into her roles.
/m/01hlq3	The Museo del Prado is the main Spanish national art museum, located in central Madrid. It features one of the world's finest collections of European art, from the 12th century to the early 19th century, based on the former Spanish Royal Collection, and unquestionably the best single collection of Spanish art. Founded as a museum of paintings and sculpture, it also contains important collections of other types of works. A new, recently opened wing enlarged the display area by about 400 paintings, and it is currently used mainly for temporary expositions. El Prado is one of the most visited sites in the world, and it is considered to be among the greatest museums of art. The large numbers of works by Francisco de Goya, the artist most extensively represented in the collection, and by Diego Velázquez, Titian, Peter Paul Rubens and Hieronymus Bosch are among the highlights of the collection.\nThe collection currently comprises around 7,600 paintings, 1,000 sculptures, 4,800 prints and 8,200 drawings, in addition to a large number of other works of art and historic documents. By 2012 the Museum will be displaying about 1300 works in the main buildings, while around 3,100 works are on temporary loan to various museums and official institutions. The remainder are in storage. The museum received 2.8 million visitors in 2012.
/m/0dsvzh	Gone Baby Gone is a 2007 American mystery film directed by Ben Affleck and starring his brother Casey Affleck. The screenplay by Ben Affleck and Aaron Stockard is based on the novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane, author of Mystic River and Shutter Island. The plot centers on two private investigators, Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro, hunting for an abducted four-year-old girl from the Boston neighborhood of Dorchester.
/m/03lt8g	Eva Jacqueline Longoria is an American television and film actress. She has received two Screen Actors Guild Awards and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. Longoria promotes humanitarian causes and was named Philanthropist of the year.\nLongoria is known for her roles as Isabella Braña on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless from 2001 to 2003, and as Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives. For her work on Desperate Housewives, she received a Golden Globe Award nomination. She has also starred in films such as Harsh Times, The Sentinel, and Over Her Dead Body.
/m/02jt1k	Angela Evelyn Bassett is an American actress. She has become well known for her biographical film roles portraying real-life women, including Tina Turner in What's Love Got to Do with It, as well as Betty Shabazz in Malcolm X and Panther, Rosa Parks in The Rosa Parks Story, Katherine Jackson in The Jacksons: An American Dream, and Voletta Wallace in Notorious.\nBassett began her film career in the mid-1980s after graduating from Yale University and its drama school. She did not find any stability in the industry until the 1990s, at which point she appeared in films nearly every year. The 2000s saw a succession of films starring Bassett, with her appearing in at least one film every single year. Bassett's success has continued into the 2010s. Bassett earned nominations for her roles in films such as The Score, Akeelah and the Bee, Meet the Browns and Jumping the Broom and won awards for her performances in How Stella Got Her Groove Back and Music of the Heart among others.\nShe had a recurring role from 2013 to 2014 on the FX horror series American Horror Story: Coven, playing Voodoo queen Marie Laveau.
/m/0lbbj	The 1964 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVIII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Tokyo, Japan from October 10 to 24, 1964. Tokyo had been awarded the organization of the 1940 Summer Olympics, but this honor was subsequently passed to Helsinki because of Japan's invasion of China, before ultimately being canceled because of World War II. The 1964 Summer Games were the first Olympics held in Asia, and the first time South Africa was barred from taking part due to its apartheid system in sports. Tokyo was chosen as the host city during the 55th IOC Session in West Germany, on May 26, 1959.\nThese games were also the first to be telecast internationally without the need for tapes to be flown overseas as they were for the 1960 Olympics four years earlier. The games were telecast to the United States using Syncom 3, the first geostationary communication satellite, and from there to Europe using Relay 1. History surrounding the 1964 Olympics was chronicled in the 1965 documentary film Tokyo Olympiad, directed by Kon Ichikawa.
/m/0fpj4lx	Thomas Baptiste Morello is an American guitarist best known for his tenure with the band Rage Against the Machine and then with Audioslave. His acoustic solo act is called The Nightwatchman, and his latest group Street Sweeper Social Club. Morello is currently a touring musician with Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band. Morello is also the co-founder of the non-profit political activist organization Axis of Justice, which airs a monthly program on Pacifica Radio station KPFK in Los Angeles.\nBorn in Harlem, New York, and raised in Libertyville, Illinois, Morello became interested in music and politics while in high school. He attended Harvard University and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Social Studies. After his previous band Lock Up disbanded, Morello met Zack de la Rocha and the two founded Rage Against the Machine together. The group went on to become one of the most popular and influential rock acts of the 1990s. He is best known for his unique and creative guitar playing style, which incorporates feedback noise, unconventional picking and tapping as well as heavy use of guitar effects. Morello is also noted for his leftist political views and activism; his creation of his side project The Nightwatchman offered an outlet for his views while playing apolitical music with Audioslave. He was ranked number 40 in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\".
/m/03bx2lk	G-Force is a 2009 spy-fi comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films. Written by Cormac Wibberley and Marianne Wibberley, the film is the directorial debut of Hoyt Yeatman, whose earlier work includes contributions in the area of visual effects. It was released in the United States on July 24, 2009. G-Force was the first live-action Disney film to be produced in Disney Digital 3-D, not including two concert films, Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert and Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience. The film was shown in competing 3-D technologies like Dolby 3D and RealD Cinema. G-Force is based on a story also by Hoyt Yeatman.
/m/016vg8	Heather Joan Graham is an American actress. After starring in various commercials, her first starring role came in 1988 with the teen comedy License to Drive, followed by her breakout role in Gus Van Sant's critically acclaimed 1989 film Drugstore Cowboy. She then played a number of supporting roles in films such as Shout, Six Degrees of Separation, Swingers and in the television series Twin Peaks and its prequel film Fire Walk with Me before gaining critical praise as porn starlet Brandi/Rollergirl in Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights. In 1999, she co-starred in Bowfinger and Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.\nIn the 2000s, Graham starred in a number of movies ranging from studio films to major films like Committed, Say It Isn't So, Anger Management, Mary, Gray Matters, The Hangover and The Hangover Part III. She also had a role in the TV series Scrubs in 2004, before starring as the title character in the short-lived Emily's Reasons Why Not in 2006. Widely regarded as a sex symbol, she often appears in magazines' Most Beautiful and Sexiest lists Graham is also a public advocate for Children International, and supported the climate change campaign Global Cool in 2007.
/m/02kfzz	The Ghost and the Darkness is a 1996 historical adventure film starring Michael Douglas and Val Kilmer set in Africa at the end of the 19th century. It was directed by Stephen Hopkins and the screenplay was written by William Goldman.\nThe film tells a fictionalised account about the two lions that attacked and killed workers at Tsavo, Kenya during the building of the Uganda-Mombasa Railway in East Africa in 1898.\nDespite receiving a mixed critical response, the film won an Academy Award for Sound Editing.
/m/04knkd	Derry City Football Club is a professional football club based in Derry, Northern Ireland. It plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division. It had spent the majority of its time in the League of Ireland in the Premier Division, the top tier of league football in the Republic of Ireland, but was expelled in November 2009 when it was discovered there were secondary, unofficial contracts with players. It was reinstated a few weeks later but demoted to the First Division, the second tier. The club are the League of Ireland's only participant from Northern Ireland. The club's home ground is the Brandywell Stadium and the players wear red and white striped shirts from which its nickname, the Candystripes, derives. Others refer to the club as the Red and White Army or abbreviate the name to Derry or City.\nThe club, founded in 1928, initially played in the Irish League, the domestic league in Northern Ireland, and won a title in 1964–65. In 1971, security concerns related to the Troubles meant matches could not be played at the Brandywell. The team played home fixtures 30 miles away in Coleraine. Security forces withdrew their objections to the use of the Brandywell the following year, but in the face of insistence from the Irish League that the unsustainable arrangement continue, the club withdrew from the league. After 13 years in junior football, it joined the League of Ireland's new First Division for 1985–86. Derry won the First Division title and achieved promotion to the Premier Division in 1987, and remained there until the 2009 relegation. The club won a domestic treble in 1988–89, the only League of Ireland club so far to do so.
/m/01n9d9	Stanley Earl Kramer was an American film director and producer, responsible for making many of Hollywood's most famous \"message movies\", and becoming one of the nation's most respected filmmakers. As an independent producer and director, he brought attention to topical social issues that most studios avoided. Among the subjects covered in his films were racism, nuclear war, greed, creationism vs. evolution and the causes and effects of fascism.\nDespite the controversial subjects of his films, many of which received mixed reviews, the film industry recognized their importance and quality. His films received 16 Academy Awards and 80 nominations. He was nominated nine times as either producer or director.\nHis notable films include High Noon, The Caine Mutiny, The Defiant Ones, On the Beach, Inherit the Wind, Judgment at Nuremberg, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, Ship of Fools and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. After a string of unsuccessful productions in the 1970s, he retired from films.\nDirector Steven Spielberg described him as an \"incredibly talented visionary,\" and \"one of our great filmmakers, not just for the art and passion he put on screen, but for the impact he has made on the conscience of the world.\" Kramer was recognized for his fierce independence as a producer-director, with author Victor Navasky writing that \"among the independents . . . none seemed more vocal, more liberal, more pugnacious than young Stanley Kramer.\" Kramer agreed: \"I tried to make movies that lasted about issues that would not go away.\"
/m/01q_wyj	John William Lowery, best known by the stage name John 5, is an American guitarist. His stage name was bestowed on him in 1998 when he left David Lee Roth and joined the industrial metal group Marilyn Manson as their guitarist, taking over from Zim Zum. Still going by the name \"John 5,\" Lowery has since become the guitarist for Rob Zombie.\nHe is also a solo artist having recorded six guitar albums: Vertigo, Songs for Sanity, The Devil Knows My Name, Requiem, The Art of Malice and God Told Me To, as well as a remix album, Remixploitation. He also works as a staff writer for Chrysalis Records, working with artists such as Matt Ball, Avril Lavigne, Rob Halford, k.d. lang, Garbage, Meat Loaf, Scorpions, Ozzy Osbourne, Slash, FeFe Dobson and has written and recorded with southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
/m/06rkfs	Franklin & Marshall College is a four-year private co-educational residential national liberal arts college in the Northwest Corridor neighborhood of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States. It employs 175 full-time faculty members and has a student body of approximately 2,324 full-time students.\nIn 2011 F&M was ranked as the 4th Most Rigorous College/University on Newsweek's \"The Daily Beast\". F&M was ranked 41st on U.S. News & World Report's 2010 list of liberal arts colleges. Forbes' 2009 list of \"America's Best Colleges\" ranked the school 36th overall, and 33rd among private colleges. It was also ranked #1 in the nation for \"Faculty accessibility\" by The Princeton Review in 2003. The college is a member of the Centennial Conference. For the Class of 2012 Admissions Cycle, the acceptance rate dropped to 35.9%, making it F&M's most selective class yet while increasing the admissions profile. The average SAT score is 1311, which combines the Critical Reading and Math portions. The average class size is 19 students, and the student-faculty ratio is 9:1.
/m/0l15bq	A clap is the percussive sound made by striking together two flat surfaces, as in the body parts of humans or animals. Humans clap with the palms of their hands, often quickly and repeatedly to express appreciation or approval, but also in rhythm to match the sounds in music and dance.\nSome people slap the back of one hand into the palm of the other hand to signify urgency or enthusiasm. This act may be considered uncouth by others.\nClapping is used as a percussion element in many forms of music. One example is in gospel music. In flamenco and sevillanas, two Spanish musical genres, clapping often sets the rhythm and is an integral part of the songs. A sampled or synthesized clap is also a staple of electronic and pop music.
/m/0335fp	Bradley Whitford is an American film and television actor. He has played White House Deputy Chief of Staff Josh Lyman on the NBC television drama The West Wing, Danny Tripp on Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, Dan Stark in the Fox police buddy-comedy The Good Guys, Timothy Carter, a character who was believed to be Red John in the CBS series The Mentalist, and antagonist Eric Gordon in the film Billy Madison.\nWhitford was nominated for three consecutive Emmy Awards from 2001–2003 for \"Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series\" for his role on The West Wing, winning the award in 2001. This role has also garnered him three consecutive Golden Globe Award nominations for \"Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role\".\nHe was an occasional columnist for The Huffington Post, up until November 2009.
/m/0b_6h7	The 1980 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 48 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 6, 1980, and ended with the championship game on March 24 in Indianapolis, Indiana. A total of 48 games were played, including a national third place game.\nLouisville, coached by Denny Crum, won the national title with a 59-54 victory in the final game over UCLA, coached by Larry Brown. Darrell Griffith of Louisville was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nStructurally speaking, this was the first tournament of the modern era. For the first time:\n1. An unlimited number of at-large teams could come from any conference.\n2. The bracket was seeded to make each region as evenly competitive as possible.\n3. All teams were seeded solely based on the subjective judgment of the committee.\nIn the second year the tournament field was seeded, no number one seed reached the Final Four. This would not happen again until 2006 and also occurred in 2011.
/m/016fmf	No Doubt is an American rock band from Anaheim, California, that formed in 1986 consisting of vocalist Gwen Stefani, guitarist Tom Dumont, bassist Tony Kanal, and drummer Adrian Young. Since 1995, following the departures of keyboardist Eric Stefani and the band's horn section, they have been supported by keyboardist and trumpeter Stephen Bradley and keyboardist and trombonist Gabrial McNair in live performances. The ska sound of their first album No Doubt failed to make an impact. The Beacon Street Collection is a raw expression of their sound, inspired by ska punk and released independently by the band under their own record label. The album sold over 100,000 copies in 1995, over three times as many as their first album sold. The band's diamond-certified album Tragic Kingdom helped launch the third-wave ska revival of the 1990s, and \"Don't Speak\", the third single from the album, set a record when it spent 16 weeks at the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart.\nThe group's next album, Return of Saturn, despite the Top 40 hit single \"Simple Kind of Life\", did not match the success of their previous but received critical praise and was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 43rd Grammy Awards. 15 months later, the band reappeared with Rock Steady, which incorporated reggae and dancehall music into their work. The album was primarily recorded in Jamaica and featured collaborations with Jamaican artists Bounty Killer, Sly and Robbie, and Lady Saw. The album produced two Grammy-winning singles, \"Hey Baby\" and \"Underneath It All\". On 22 November 2002, No Doubt received the Key to the City of Anaheim, given by the Mayor of Anaheim, Tom Daly in Disneyland during the band's appearance on 'Breakfast with Kevin and Bean' where they performed 5 songs. After 2004 tour the band embarked on solo projects, with Gwen Stefani releasing two successful solo albums Love. Angel. Music. Baby. and The Sweet Escape while Tom Dumont released his own solo music project, Invincible Overlord. In 2008, the band resumed working slowly on their sixth effort, titled Push and Shove, and released their single \"Settle Down\". They have sold over 33 million albums worldwide.
/m/01f2q5	The Roots are an American Grammy Award-winning hip hop/neo soul band, formed in 1987 by Tariq \"Black Thought\" Trotter and Ahmir \"Questlove\" Thompson, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The Roots are known for their jazzy, eclectic approach to hip hop which includes live instruments. Malik B., Leonard \"Hub\", and Josh Abrams were added to the band, originally called the Square Roots.\nSince their first independent album release, the band has released 10 studio albums, two EPs, and two collaboration albums, and has collaborated with a wide range of artists from different genres. The Roots served as the house band on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon from 2009 to 2014, and on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon since 2014. The Roots' work has been repeatedly met with critical acclaim. About.com ranked the band #7 on its list of the 25 Best Hip Hop Groups of All-Time, describing them as \"Hip hop's first legitimate band.\"
/m/0g0syc	Pennsylvania's 12th congressional district is located in southwestern Pennsylvania, the 12th District consists of all of Beaver County, and parts of Allegheny, Cambria, Lawrence, Somerset, and Westmoreland Counties. It is currently represented by Republican Keith Rothfus. Before the 2011 round of redistricting, the 12th District consisted of all of Greene County, and parts of Allegheny, Armstrong, Cambria, Fayette, Indiana, Somerset, Washington, and Westmoreland Counties.
/m/0gd_s	Samuel Ray Delany, Jr., Chip Delany to his friends, is an American author, professor and literary critic. His work includes fiction, memoir, criticism, and essays on sexuality and society.\nHis science fiction novels include Babel-17, The Einstein Intersection, Nova, Dhalgren, and the Return to Nevèrÿon series. After winning four Nebula awards and two Hugo awards over the course of his career, Delany was inducted by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame in 2002. Since January 2001 he has been a professor of English and Creative Writing at Temple University in Philadelphia, where he is Director of the Graduate Creative Writing Program. In 2010 he won the third J. Lloyd Eaton Lifetime Achievement Award in Science Fiction from the academic Eaton Science Fiction Conference at UCR Libraries. The Science Fiction Writers of America named him its 30th SFWA Grand Master in 2013.
/m/07t58	The United States Senate is a legislative chamber in the bicameral legislature of the United States of America, and together with the U.S. House of Representatives makes up the U.S. Congress. First convened in 1789, the composition and powers of the Senate are established in Article One of the U.S. Constitution. Each U.S. state is represented by two senators, regardless of population, who serve staggered six-year terms. The chamber of the United States Senate is located in the north wing of the Capitol, in Washington, D.C., the national capital. The House of Representatives convenes in the south wing of the same building.\nThe Senate has several exclusive powers not granted to the House, including consenting to treaties as a precondition to their ratification and consenting to or confirming appointments of Cabinet secretaries, federal judges, other federal executive officials, military officers, regulatory officials, ambassadors, and other federal uniformed officers, as well as trial of federal officials impeached by the House. The Senate is both a more deliberative and more prestigious body than the House of Representatives, due to its longer terms, smaller size, and statewide constituencies, which historically led to a more collegial and less partisan atmosphere.
/m/02dtg	Detroit is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan, and is the seat of Wayne County, the most populous county in the state and the largest city on the United States-Canada border. It is a primary business, cultural, financial and transportation center in the Metro Detroit area, a region of 5.2 million people, and serves as a major port on the Detroit River connecting the Great Lakes system to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. It was founded on July 24, 1701, by the French explorer and adventurer Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac.\nThe Detroit area emerged as a significant metropolitan region within the United States as construction of a regional freeway system was completed in the 1950s and 1960s. With these commuting ties allowing social and economic integration across a larger area, the Detroit name sometimes refers to the three-county Urban Area, the six-county Metropolitan Statistical Area, or the nine-county Combined Statistical Area. The Detroit–Windsor area, a commercial link straddling the Canada–U.S. border, has a total population of about 5,700,000. The Detroit metropolitan region currently holds roughly one-half of the state's population.
/m/0ggq0m	Classical music is art music produced or rooted in the traditions of Western music. It encompasses a broad period from roughly the 11th century to the present day. The central norms of this tradition became codified between 1550 and 1900, which is known as the common practice period.\nEuropean music is largely distinguished from many other non-European and popular musical forms by its system of staff notation, in use since about the 16th century. Western staff notation is used by composers to prescribe to the performer the pitch, speed, meter, individual rhythms and exact execution of a piece of music. This leaves less room for practices such as improvisation and ad libitum ornamentation, which are frequently heard in non-European art music and in popular music.\nThe term \"classical music\" did not appear until the early 19th century, in an attempt to distinctly \"canonize\" the period from Johann Sebastian Bach to Beethoven as a golden age. The earliest reference to \"classical music\" recorded by the Oxford English Dictionary is from about 1836.
/m/02nt3d	Along Came Polly is a 2004 American romantic comedy film written and directed by John Hamburg, starring Ben Stiller and Jennifer Aniston in the lead roles.
/m/07_m2	Vincent Willem van Gogh was a post-Impressionist painter of Dutch origin whose work, notable for its rough beauty, emotional honesty and bold color, had a far-reaching influence on 20th-century art. After years of painful anxiety and frequent bouts of mental illness, he died aged 37 from a gunshot wound, generally accepted to be self-inflicted. His work was then known to only a handful of people and appreciated by fewer still.\nVan Gogh began to draw as a child, and he continued to draw throughout the years that led up to his decision to become an artist. He did not begin painting until his late twenties, completing many of his best-known works during the last two years of his life. In just over a decade, he produced more than 2,100 artworks, consisting of 860 oil paintings and more than 1,300 watercolors, drawings, sketches and prints. His work included self portraits, landscapes, still lifes, portraits and paintings of cypresses, wheat fields and sunflowers.\nVan Gogh spent his early adulthood working for a firm of art dealers, traveling between The Hague, London and Paris, after which he taught for a time in England at Isleworth and Ramsgate. One of his early aspirations was to become a pastor and from 1879 he worked as a missionary in a mining region in Belgium where he began to sketch people from the local community. In 1885, he painted his first major work The Potato Eaters. His palette at the time consisted mainly of somber earth tones and showed no sign of the vivid coloration that distinguished his later work. In March 1886, he moved to Paris and discovered the French Impressionists. Later, he moved to the south of France and was influenced by the strong sunlight he found there. His work grew brighter in color, and he developed the unique and highly recognizable style that became fully realized during his stay in Arles in 1888.
/m/03cp7b3	William Chang Suk Ping is a Hong Kong film editor, production designer and art director, and along with cinematographer Christopher Doyle is an important collaborator with Hong Kong film director Wong Kar-wai. He has participated in all of Wong Kar Wai's films.\nIn addition to Wong Kar Wai, William Chang also has collaborated with various Hong Kong film directors such as Stanley Kwan, Patrick Tam Kar Ming, Yim Ho and Tsui Hark.\nWilliam Chang is known for his nostalgic mood in art directing and frequent use of improvisation and split narratives in film editing.
/m/03jqw5	Adam Charles Goldberg is an American actor, director, producer, and musician.
/m/02qgqt	Philip Seymour Hoffman was an American actor and director. Although primarily a supporting player, Hoffman was known as a versatile performer who brought depth and humanity to all of his roles. He was prolific in both film and theater from the early 1990s until his death at age 46, when the New York Times declared him as \"perhaps the most ambitious and widely admired American actor of his generation\".\nRaised in Fairport, New York, Hoffman studied acting at the New York State Summer School of the Arts and the Tisch School of the Arts. He began his career in 1991 as a defendant in a rape case in an episode of Law & Order, and the following year he began to appear in films. He gained recognition for his supporting work throughout the 1990s and early 2000s in minor but seminal roles in which he typically played losers or degenerates, including the portrayal of a conceited student in Scent of a Woman, a hyperactive storm-chaser in Twister, a 1970s pornographic film boom operator in Boogie Nights, a smug assistant in The Big Lebowski, a hospice nurse in Magnolia, a music critic in Almost Famous, a phone-sex conman in Punch-Drunk Love, and an immoral priest in Cold Mountain.
/m/02_p8v	Michael Gough was a British character actor who made over 150 film and television appearances. He is known for his roles in the Hammer Horror Films from 1958, and for his recurring role as Alfred Pennyworth in all four films of the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman series.
/m/03k0yw	Rick Nowels is an American Grammy/Ivor Novello award-winning songwriter and record producer. He is a multi-instrumentalist and has written with, or had his songs recorded by: Lana Del Rey, Lykke Li, Madonna, Cee-Lo Green, Robyn, Marina and the Diamonds, Jason Mraz, Sia, New Radicals, Dido, Nelly Furtado, John Legend / Andre 3000, Ellie Goulding, Santigold, Anita Baker, Texas, Tiesto, Santana, Tupac Shakur, Belinda Carlisle, Stevie Nicks, Weezer, Charli XCX and Sabrina Salerno.\nNowels is represented by Stephen Budd in the UK and Europe, and Tim McDaniel in the US.
/m/054krc	The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is one of several categories presented by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, an organization of journalists who cover the United States film industry, but are affiliated with publications outside North America, since its institution in 1947. Since the 5th Golden Globe Awards, the award is presented annually, except from 1953 to 1958. The nominations from 1947 and 1948 are not available. The first Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score went to Max Steiner for his compositional work on Life with Father.\nJohn Williams is the artist with the most nominations; those resulted in 4 wins. Dimitri Tiomkin had the same number of wins, but out of only 5 nominations. Other notable achievers include Maurice Jarre and Alan Menken. Artists like Jerry Goldsmith and Michel Legrand were nominated several times, but never received the award. Additionally, Dimitri Tiomkin received Special Achievement Awards for his services to film music in 1955 and 1957, as did Hugo Friedhofer in 1958. The most recent recipient of this award was Alex Ebert for the film All Is Lost, his first Golden Globe.
/m/02jr6k	Frenzy is a 1972 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The penultimate feature film of his extensive career, it is often considered by critics and scholars to be his last great film before his death. The screenplay by Anthony Shaffer was based on the novel Goodbye Piccadilly, Farewell Leicester Square by Arthur La Bern.\nThe film stars Jon Finch, Alec McCowen, and Barry Foster and features Billie Whitelaw, Anna Massey, Barbara Leigh-Hunt, Bernard Cribbins and Vivien Merchant. The original music score was composed by Ron Goodwin.\nThe film was screened at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition.\nThe plot centres on a serial killer in contemporary London. In a very early scene there is dialogue that mentions two actual London serial murder cases: the Christie murders in the early 1950s, and the Jack the Ripper murders in 1888.\nFrenzy was the third film Hitchcock made in Britain after he moved to Hollywood in 1939. The other two were Under Capricorn in 1949 and Stage Fright in 1950.
/m/02lk60	Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon. It is the second installment in the Shrek series, the sequel to 2001's Shrek, and features the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews, John Cleese, Rupert Everett and Jennifer Saunders.\nLike its predecessor, Shrek 2 received positive reviews. Shrek 2 scored the second-largest three-day opening weekend in US history at the time of release, as well as the largest opening for an animated film until May 18, 2007, when it was eclipsed by its sequel Shrek the Third. As of 2011, it is the inflation-adjusted 32nd-highest-grossing film of all time in the US. It went on to be the highest-grossing film of 2004. The associated soundtrack reached the top ten of the Billboard 200. It is also the seventh-highest ticket selling animated film of all time. It is DreamWorks's most successful film to date and was also the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide until Toy Story 3 surpassed it in 2010; it is now the sixth highest-grossing animated film of all time.
/m/03_f0	Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer, organist, harpsichordist, violist, and violinist of the Baroque period. He enriched established German styles through his skill in counterpoint, harmonic and motivic organisation, and the adaptation of rhythms, forms, and textures from abroad, particularly from Italy and France. Bach's compositions include the Brandenburg Concertos, the Mass in B minor, the The Well-Tempered Clavier, two Passions, keyboard works, and more than 300 cantatas, of which nearly 100 cantatas have been lost to posterity. His music is revered for its intellectual depth, technical command, and artistic beauty.\nBach was born in Eisenach, Saxe-Eisenach, into a great musical family; his father, Johann Ambrosius Bach, was the director of the town musicians, and all of his uncles were professional musicians. His father probably taught him to play violin and harpsichord, and his brother, Johann Christoph Bach, taught him the clavichord and exposed him to much contemporary music. Apparently at his own initiative, Bach attended St Michael's School in Lüneburg for two years. After graduating, he held several musical posts across Germany: he served as Kapellmeister to Leopold, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, Cantor of Thomasschule in Leipzig, and Royal Court Composer to August III. Bach's health and vision declined in 1749, and he died on 28 July 1750. Modern historians believe that his death was caused by a combination of stroke and pneumonia.
/m/073hkh	The 61st Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1988 and took place on Wednesday March 29, 1989, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST/ 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Allan Carr and directed by Jeff Margolis. Ten days earlier, in a ceremony held at the Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Angie Dickinson.\nRain Man won four awards, including Best Actor for Dustin Hoffman, Best Director for Barry Levinson, and Best Picture. Other winners included Who Framed Roger Rabbit, with four awards; Dangerous Liaisons, with three awards; and The Accused, The Accidental Tourist, A Fish Called Wanda, The Appointments of Dennis Jennings, Beetlejuice, Bird, Hôtel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie, The Milagro Beanfield War, Mississippi Burning, Pelle the Conqueror, Tin Toy, Working Girl, and You Don't Have to Die with one each. The telecast garnered almost 43 million viewers in the United States.
/m/02rmd_2	Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a 2008 romantic sex comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith, distributed by The Weinstein Company, and starring Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks. It is Smith's second film not to be set within the View Askewniverse and the first not set in New Jersey. It was released on October 31, 2008.
/m/018gz8	A comedian or comic, is a person who seeks to entertain an audience, primarily by making them laugh. This might be through jokes or amusing situations, or acting a fool, as in slapstick, or employing prop comedy. A comedian who addresses an audience directly is called a stand-up comic.\nA popular saying, variously quoted but generally attributed to Ed Wynn, is, \"A comic says funny things; a comedian says things funny\", which draws a distinction between how much of the comedy can be attributed to verbal content and how much to acting and persona.\nSince the 1980s, a new wave of comedy, called alternative comedy, has grown in popularity with its more offbeat and experimental style. This normally involves more experiential, or observational reporting, e.g. Alexei Sayle, Daniel Tosh, Louis C.K. and Malcolm Hardee. As far as content is concerned, comedians such as Tommy Tiernan, Des Bishop, and Joan Rivers draw on their background to poke fun at themselves, while others such as Jon Stewart, and Ben Elton have very strong political and cultural undertones. Contemporary comedians include Conan O'Brien Many comics achieve a cult following while touring famous comedy hubs such as the Just for Laughs festival in Montreal, the Edinburgh Fringe, and Melbourne Comedy Festival in Australia. Often a comic's career advances significantly when they win a notable comedy award, such as the Edinburgh Comedy Award. Comics sometimes foray into other areas of entertainment, such as film and television, where they become more widely known; e.g., Eddie Izzard or Charlyne Yi. However, a comic's stand-up success does not guarantee a film's critical or box office success.
/m/03cf9ly	Fringe is an American science fiction television series created by J. J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman, and Roberto Orci. It premiered on the Fox Broadcasting network on September 9, 2008, and concluded on January 18, 2013, after five seasons and 100 episodes. The series follows Olivia Dunham, Peter Bishop, and Walter Bishop, members of the fictional Fringe Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, based in Boston, Massachusetts, under the supervision of Homeland Security. The team uses fringe science and FBI investigative techniques to investigate a series of unexplained, often ghastly occurrences, which are related to mysteries surrounding a parallel universe. The series has been described as a hybrid of The X-Files, Altered States, and The Twilight Zone.\nThe series format combines elements from procedural dramas as well as those found in serials. The series began as a more traditional \"mystery of the week\" series, and became more serialized in later seasons. A majority of episodes contain a standalone plot, with several episodes also exploring the series' overarching mythology.\nEarly critical reception of the first season was lukewarm but became more favorable in subsequent seasons, when the series began to explore its mythology, including parallel universes and alternate timelines. The show, as well as the cast and crew, has been nominated for many major awards. Despite its move to the \"Friday night death slot\" and low ratings, the series has received a cult following. It has also spawned two six-part comic book series, an alternate reality game, and three novels.
/m/06h2w	Ron Carter is an American jazz double-bassist. His appearances on over 2,500 albums make him one of the most-recorded bassists in jazz history. Carter is also an acclaimed cellist who has recorded numerous times on that instrument. He was elected to the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame in 2012.
/m/02yj7w	Peter William Krause is an American film and television actor, director, and producer. He is perhaps best known for his lead roles as Nate Fisher on Six Feet Under, Adam Braverman on Parenthood, Nick George on Dirty Sexy Money, and Casey McCall on Sports Night.
/m/0kjrx	Uma Karuna Thurman is an American actress and model. She has performed in leading roles in a variety of films, ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action movies. Following early roles in films such as Dangerous Liaisons, she rose to international prominence in 1994 following her role in Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction for which she was nominated for an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award. She starred in several more films throughout the 1990s such as The Truth About Cats & Dogs, Batman & Robin, Gattaca and Les Misérables.\nShe won a Golden Globe Award for the miniseries Hysterical Blindness. Her career was revitalized when she reunited with director Quentin Tarantino to play the main role in both Kill Bill films which brought her an additional two Golden Globe Award nominations and a BAFTA Award nomination.
/m/0bj9k	Alfredo James \"Al\" Pacino is an American film and stage actor and director. He is well known for playing mobsters, including Michael Corleone in The Godfather trilogy and Tony Montana in Scarface, and often appeared on the other side of the law—as a police officer, a detective and lawyer. For his performance as Frank Slade in Scent of a Woman he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1992. He had received seven previous Oscar nominations, including one in that same year.\nHe made his feature film debut in the 1969 film Me, Natalie in a minor supporting role, before playing the lead role in the 1971 drama The Panic in Needle Park. Pacino made his major breakthrough with the role of Michael Corleone in The Godfather in 1972, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Other Oscar nominations for Best Supporting Actor were for Dick Tracy and Glengarry Glen Ross. Oscar nominations for Best Actor include The Godfather Part II, Serpico, Dog Day Afternoon, ...And Justice for All.\nIn addition to a career in film, he has enjoyed a successful career on stage, winning Tony Awards for Does a Tiger Wear a Necktie? and The Basic Training of Pavlo Hummel. A longtime fan of Shakespeare, he made his directorial debut with Looking for Richard, a quasi-documentary on the play Richard III. Pacino has received numerous lifetime achievement awards, including one from the American Film Institute. He is a method actor, taught mainly by Lee Strasberg and Charles Laughton at the Actors Studio in New York.
/m/0fn5bx	Jamia Suzette Mays, better known as Jayma Mays, is an American actress and singer. She is known for playing Emma Pillsbury on the Fox musical series Glee, and the film roles of Amy in Paul Blart: Mall Cop and Grace in The Smurfs. Since October 2013, she has played the role of Debbie on the sitcom The Millers.
/m/062z7	Political science is a social science discipline concerned with the study of the state, nation, government, and politics and policies of government. Aristotle defined it as the study of the state. It deals extensively with the theory and practice of politics, and the analysis of political systems, political behavior, and political culture. Political scientists \"see themselves engaged in revealing the relationships underlying political events and conditions, and from these revelations they attempt to construct general principles about the way the world of politics works.\" Political science intersects with other fields; including economics, law, sociology, history, anthropology, public administration, public policy, national politics, international relations, comparative politics, psychology, political organization, and political theory. Although it was codified in the 19th century, when all the social sciences were established, political science has ancient roots; indeed, it originated almost 2,500 years ago with the works of Plato and Aristotle.\nPolitical science is commonly divided into distinct sub-disciplines which together constitute the field:\npolitical theory\ncomparative politics
/m/020hh3	Lars Ulrich is a Danish drummer and one of the founding members of American heavy metal band Metallica. He was born in Gentofte, Denmark to an upper-middle-class family. A tennis player in his youth, Ulrich moved to Los Angeles, California at age sixteen in the summer of 1980 to pursue his training; though rather than playing tennis, he began playing the drums. After publishing an advertisement in a local Los Angeles newspaper called The Recycler, Ulrich met James Hetfield and formed Metallica.
/m/033rq	Federico Fellini was an Italian film director and scriptwriter. Known for his distinct style that blends fantasy and baroque images with earthiness, he is considered one of the most influential filmmakers of the 20th century, and is widely revered. He won five Academy Awards including the most number of Oscars in history for Best Foreign Language Film.
/m/0cbv4g	The Devil Wears Prada is a 2006 comedy-drama film, a loose screen adaptation of Lauren Weisberger's 2003 novel of the same name. It stars Anne Hathaway as Andrea Sachs, a college graduate who goes to New York City and gets a job as a co-assistant to powerful fashion magazine editor Miranda Priestly, played by Meryl Streep. Emily Blunt and Stanley Tucci co-star, as co-assistant Emily Charlton, and Art Director Nigel, respectively.\nAdrian Grenier, Simon Baker and Tracie Thoms play key supporting roles. Wendy Finerman produced and David Frankel directed the film, and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. Streep's performance drew critical acclaim and earned her many award nominations, including her record-setting 14th Oscar bid, as well as the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical. Blunt also drew favorable reviews and nominations for her performance, as did many of those involved in the film's production.\nThe film was well received by both film critics and the public, becoming a surprise summer box-office hit following its June 30 North American release. The commercial success and critical praise for Streep's performance continued in foreign markets, with the film leading the international box office for most of October. The U.S. DVD release likewise was the top rental during December. It grossed over $300 million, mostly from its international run, and finished in 2006's top 20 both in the U.S. and overseas.
/m/01fx1l	Chicago Hope is an American medical drama television series, created by David E. Kelley. It ran on CBS from September 18, 1994, to May 4, 2000. The series is set in a fictional private charity hospital in Chicago, Illinois. The show is set to return in the fall of 2013 on TVGN in reruns.
/m/06rnl9	Dennis Muren, ASC is an American film special effects artist, most notable for his work on the films of Steven Spielberg, James Cameron and George Lucas. He has won eight Oscars for Best Visual Effects.
/m/0f4_2k	Angels & Demons is a 2009 American mystery thriller directed by Ron Howard and based on Dan Brown's novel by the same name. As a film it is the sequel to the 2006 film, The Da Vinci Code, also directed by Ron Howard. The novel was published first and The Da Vinci Code followed it. Filming of Angels & Demons took place in Rome, Italy, and the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, California.\nTom Hanks returns to play the lead role — Robert Langdon — as do producer Brian Grazer, composer Hans Zimmer and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman.
/m/01qvgl	Aimee Mann is an American rock singer-songwriter, guitarist and bassist. In the 1980s, Mann sang in the Boston New Wave band 'Til Tuesday until she left to begin a solo career in the early 1990s. In 1999, Mann recorded original songs for the soundtrack to the Paul Thomas Anderson film Magnolia, for which she was nominated for Academy Award and Grammy Award nominations. She has released seven solo albums.
/m/04k15	Ludwig van Beethoven was a German composer and pianist. A crucial figure in the transition between the Classical and Romantic eras in Western art music, he remains one of the most famous and influential of all composers. His best-known compositions include 9 symphonies, 5 concertos for piano, 32 piano sonatas, and 16 string quartets. He also composed other chamber music, choral works, and songs.\nBorn in Bonn, then the capital of the Electorate of Cologne and part of the Holy Roman Empire, Beethoven displayed his musical talents at an early age and was taught by his father Johann van Beethoven and Christian Gottlob Neefe. During his first 22 years in Bonn, Beethoven intended to study with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and befriended Joseph Haydn. Beethoven moved to Vienna in 1792 and began studying with Haydn, quickly gaining a reputation as a virtuoso pianist. He lived in Vienna until his death. In about 1800 his hearing began to deteriorate, and by the last decade of his life he was almost totally deaf. He gave up conducting and performing in public but continued to compose; many of his most admired works come from this period.
/m/02r96rf	In the context of film and television production, a visual effects supervisor is responsible for achieving the creative aims of the director and/or producers through the use of visual effects. While it is a creative role, most supervisors possess a strong technical background and are capable of making informed decisions about the most efficient and effective technique to employ to solve the problem at hand. Often a supervisor will work in tandem with a visual effects producer and CG Supervisor.\nSupervisors can be employed directly by a film production company or work for a visual effects company. Often there are several VFX supervisors on a project, although there is typically a senior VFX supervisor directing their efforts.\nSpecific responsibilities vary somewhat depending on the nature of the production, however most supervisors:\nHandle a VFX project from conception through to completion\nManage and direct the technical, artistic, and production personnel\nPossess a knowledge of various visual effects techniques with emphasis on camera set-ups and film knowledge with an eye for composition and camera work.\nAccurately predict timing and associated costs of project
/m/050_qx	David Rasche is an American theater, film and television actor who is best known for his portrayal of the title character in the 1980s satirical police sitcom Sledge Hammer!. Since then he has often played characters in positions of authority, in both serious and comical turns.
/m/0fpj9pm	Benjamin \"Ben\" Gibbard is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. He is best known as the lead vocalist and guitarist of the indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, with whom he has recorded seven studio albums, and as one half of the electronica duo The Postal Service. Gibbard released his debut solo album, Former Lives, in 2012, and a collaborative studio album, One Fast Move or I'm Gone, with Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt's Jay Farrar.\nWhile performing guitar in the band Pinwheel, Gibbard recorded a demo cassette under the moniker Death Cab for Cutie, entitled You Can Play These Songs with Chords. After receiving a positive response to the material, Gibbard expanded the project into a full band, with the addition of Chris Walla, Nick Harmer and Nathan Good. The following year, the band released its debut album, Something About Airplanes, on Barsuk Records, and released its follow-up, We Have the Facts and We're Voting Yes, in 2000.\nGibbard scored the forthcoming film, Laggies.
/m/0fbx6	Juliette Binoche is an award-winning French actress, artist and dancer. She has appeared in more than 40 feature films, been recipient of numerous international accolades, is a published author and has appeared on stage across the world. Coming from an artistic background, she began taking acting lessons during adolescence. After performing in several stage productions, she was propelled into the world of auteurs Jean-Luc Godard, Jacques Doillon and André Téchiné, who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous. Her sensual performance in her English-language debut The Unbearable Lightness of Being, directed by Philip Kaufman, launched her international career.\nShe sparked the interest of Steven Spielberg, who offered her several parts including a role in Jurassic Park which she declined, choosing instead to join Krzysztof Kieślowski on the set of Three Colors: Blue, a performance for which she won the Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actress and a César. Three years later Binoche gained further acclaim in Anthony Minghella's The English Patient, for which she was awarded an Academy Award and a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actress in addition to the Best Actress Award at the 1997 Berlin Film Festival. For her performance in Lasse Hallström's romantic comedy Chocolat Binoche was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/06s_2	Sierra Leone, officially the Republic of Sierra Leone, is a country in West Africa that is bordered by Guinea to the northeast, Liberia to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the southwest. Sierra Leone is a constitutional republic with a directly elected president and a unicameral legislature. The country has a tropical climate, with a diverse environment ranging from savannah to rainforests. The country covers a total area of 71,740 km² and with an estimated population of 6 million.\nSierra Leone is divided into four administrative regions: the Northern Province, Eastern Province, Southern Province and the Western Area; which are subdivided into fourteen districts. Each district has its own directly elected local government known as district council, headed by a council chairman, in whom local executive authority is vested. Freetown is the capital, largest city as well as its economic, commercial and political centre. Bo is the second largest city. Other major cities with a population above 100,000 are Kenema, Makeni and Koidu Town. Each of the country's five major cities has its own directly elected city council, headed by a mayor. Since Independence to present, Sierra Leone's politics has been dominated by two major political parties: the Sierra Leone People's Party and the All People's Congress.
/m/0l786	George Campbell Scott was an American stage and film actor, director, and producer. He was best known for his stage work, as well as his portrayal of General George S. Patton in the film Patton, as General Buck Turgidson in Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove, and as Ebenezer Scrooge in Clive Donner's adaptation of A Christmas Carol. He was the first actor to reject the Academy Award for Best Actor. He had already warned the Academy beforehand that if he won, he would reject the award on the philosophical grounds that every great dramatic performance was unique and could not be compared to others.
/m/027pdrh	Anne Voase Coates is a British film editor with a more than 40-year long career in film editing. She is perhaps best known as the editor of director David Lean's epic film Lawrence of Arabia in 1962. Coates has been nominated five times for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the films Lawrence of Arabia, Becket, The Elephant Man, In the Line of Fire, and Out of Sight. In an industry where women only accounted for 16 percent of all editors working on the top 250 films of 2004, and 80 percent of the films had absolutely no females on their editing teams at all, Anne V. Coates continues to thrive as a top film editor. In February 2007, she was awarded BAFTA's highest honour, The Academy Fellowship.
/m/082db	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, baptised as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart, was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical era.\nMozart showed prodigious ability from his earliest childhood. Already competent on keyboard and violin, he composed from the age of five and performed before European royalty. At 17, he was engaged as a court musician in Salzburg, but grew restless and travelled in search of a better position, always composing abundantly. While visiting Vienna in 1781, he was dismissed from his Salzburg position. He chose to stay in the capital, where he achieved fame but little financial security. During his final years in Vienna, he composed many of his best-known symphonies, concertos, and operas, and portions of the Requiem, which was largely unfinished at the time of his death. The circumstances of his early death have been much mythologized. He was survived by his wife Constanze and two sons.\nHe composed over 600 works, many acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic, concertante, chamber, operatic, and choral music. He is among the most enduringly popular of classical composers, and his influence on subsequent Western art music is profound; Beethoven composed his own early works in the shadow of Mozart, and Joseph Haydn wrote that \"posterity will not see such a talent again in 100 years.\"
/m/01_bkd	Alternative metal is a style of heavy metal. Alternative metal usually takes elements of heavy metal with influences from genres like alternative rock, and other genres not normally associated with metal. Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavy guitar riffs, melodic vocals, unconventional sounds within other heavy metal genres, unconventional song structures and sometimes experimental approaches to heavy music. The term has been in usage since the 1980s, although it came into prominence in the 1990s. It has spawned several subgenres, including nu metal, which expands the alternative metal sound, commonly adding influences from hip hop, groove metal and thrash metal.
/m/04l19_	John Murphy is a voice actor.
/m/09l3p	Natalie Portman is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship. Her first role was as an orphan taken in by a hitman in the 1994 action film Léon: The Professional, but mainstream success came when she was cast as Padmé Amidala in the Star Wars prequel trilogy. In 1999, she enrolled at Harvard University to study psychology while still working as an actress. She completed her bachelor's degree in 2003.\nIn 2001, Portman opened in New York City's Public Theater production of Anton Chekhov's The Seagull. In 2005, Portman won a Golden Globe Award and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Closer. She won a Constellation Award for Best Female Performance and a Saturn Award for Best Actress for her starring role in V for Vendetta. She played leading roles in the historical dramas Goya's Ghosts and The Other Boleyn Girl. In May 2008, she served as the youngest member of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival jury. Portman's directorial debut, Eve, opened the 65th Venice International Film Festival's shorts competition in 2008. Portman directed a segment of the collective film New York, I Love You. Portman is also known for her portrayal as Jane Foster, the love interest of Marvel superhero Thor, in the film adaptation Thor, and its sequel, Thor: The Dark World.
/m/0d34_	Regensburg is a city in Bavaria, Germany, located at the confluence of the Danube and Regen rivers, at one of the northernmost points of the Danube. To the east lies the Bavarian Forest. Regensburg is the capital of the Bavarian administrative region Upper Palatinate. The large medieval centre of the city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
/m/07l5z	Toledo is the fourth most populous city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Lucas County. Toledo is in northwest Ohio, on the western end of Lake Erie, and borders the State of Michigan. The city was founded in 1833 on the west bank of the Maumee River, originally incorporated as part of Monroe County, Michigan Territory, then re-founded in 1837, after conclusion of the Toledo War, when it was incorporated in Ohio.\nToledo grew quickly as a result of the Miami and Erie Canal and its position on the railway line between New York and Chicago. It has since become a city well known for its industry, particularly in glass and auto assembly, as well as for its art community, education, healthcare, and local sports teams. The population of Toledo as of the 2010 Census was 287,208, while the Toledo metropolitan area had a population of 651,429.
/m/03rl1g	The Thirty-second United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1851 to March 4, 1853, during the third and fourth years of Millard Fillmore's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/09_94	The Nordic combined is a winter sport in which athletes compete in cross-country skiing and ski jumping.
/m/0bs8s1p	We Need to Talk About Kevin is a 2011 British-American drama film that incorporates elements of the horror and thriller genres, directed by Lynne Ramsay and adapted from Lionel Shriver's novel of the same name. A long process of development and financing began in 2005, with filming commencing in April 2010.\nTilda Swinton stars as the mother of Kevin, struggling to come to terms with her son and the horrors he has committed. The film premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and was released in the United Kingdom on 21 October 2011.
/m/016yzz	Sam Shepard is an American playwright, actor, and television and film director. He is the author of several books of short stories, essays, and memoirs, and received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1979 for his play Buried Child. Shepard was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of pilot Chuck Yeager in The Right Stuff. Shepard received the PEN/Laura Pels International Foundation for Theater Award as a master American dramatist in 2009.
/m/071ywj	Toby Edward Heslewood Jones is an English actor. After appearing in supporting roles in films between 1992 and 2005, he made his breakthrough when he played Truman Capote in the biopic Infamous. Since then, his films have included The Mist, W., Frost/Nixon, Captain America: The First Avenger, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Berberian Sound Studio and The Hunger Games. He has also provided the voice of Dobby the house elf in the Harry Potter films, appeared as the Dream Lord in the Doctor Who episode \"Amy's Choice\" and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role as Alfred Hitchcock in The Girl.
/m/0789r6	The Golden Lion is the highest prize given to a film at the Venice Film Festival. The prize was introduced in 1949 by the organizing committee and is now regarded as one of the film industry's most distinguished prizes. In 1970, a second Golden Lion was introduced; this is an honorary award for people who have made an important contribution to cinema.\nThe prize was introduced in 1949 as the Golden Lion of St. Mark. Previously, the equivalent prize was the Gran Premio Internazionale di Venezia, awarded in 1947 and 1948. Before that, from 1934 until 1942, the highest awards were the Coppa Mussolini for Best Italian Film and Best Foreign Film.\nNo Golden Lions were awarded between 1969 and 1979. According to the Biennale's official website, this hiatus was a result of the 1968 Lion being awarded to the radically experimental Die Artisten in der Zirkuskuppel: Ratlos; the website says that the awards \"still had a statute dating back to the fascist era and could not side-step the general political climate. Sixty-eight produced a dramatic fracture with the past.\"
/m/02fn5r	Vincent Grant \"Vince\" Gill is an American country singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He has achieved commercial success and fame both as frontman to the country rock band Pure Prairie League in the 1970s, and as a solo artist beginning in 1983, where his talents as a vocalist and musician have placed him in high demand as a guest vocalist, and a duet partner.\nGill has recorded more than 20 studio albums, charted over 40 singles on the U.S. Billboard charts as Hot Country Songs, and has sold more than 24 million albums. He has been honored by the Country Music Association with 18 CMA Awards, including two Entertainer of the Year awards and five Male Vocalist Awards. Gill has also earned 20 Grammy Awards, more than any other male Country music artist. In 2007, Gill was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
/m/01gw4f	Talia Shire is an American actress most known for her roles as Connie Corleone in The Godfather films and Adrian Balboa in the Rocky series.
/m/04rzd	A mandolin is a musical instrument in the lute family. It usually has four courses of doubled strings. The two strings in each course are tuned in unison. The courses are tuned in a succession of perfect fifths, and plucked with a plectrum. It is the soprano member of a family that includes the mandola, octave mandolin, mandocello, and mandobass. It descends from the mandore.\nThere are many styles of mandolin, but three are common, the Neapolitan mandolin, the carved-top mandolin and the flat-top mandolin. The carved-top or arch-top mandolin has a much shallower, arched back, and an arched top—both carved out of wood. The flat-top mandolin is similar to a guitar, using thin sheets of wood for the body, braced on the inside for strength. Each style of instrument has its own sound quality and is associated with particular forms of music. Neapolitan mandolins feature prominently in European classical music and traditional music. Carved-top instruments are common in American folk music and bluegrass music. Flat-top instruments are less specific to a music genre but are commonly used in Irish and British folk music.
/m/02py4c8	Angels in America is a 2003 HBO miniseries adapted from the Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name by Tony Kushner. Kushner adapted his original text for the screen, and Mike Nichols directed. Set in 1985, the film revolves around six disparate New Yorkers whose lives intersect. At its core, it has the fantastical story of Prior Walter, a gay man dying of AIDS who is visited by an angel. The film explores a wide variety of themes, including Reagan era politics, the spreading AIDS epidemic, and a rapidly changing social and political climate.\nHBO broadcast the film in various formats: two 3-hour chunks that correspond to \"Millennium Approaches\" and \"Perestroika\", as well as six 1-hour \"chapters\" that roughly correspond to an act or two of each of these plays; the first three chapters were initially broadcast on December 7, 2003 to international acclaim, with the final three chapters following.\nAngels in America was the most-watched made-for-cable film in 2003, garnering much critical acclaim and multiple Golden Globe and Emmy awards, among other numerous accolades. In 2006, Seattle Times listed the series amongst \"Best of the filmed AIDS portrayals\" on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of AIDS.
/m/05snw	A physicist is a scientist who does research in physics. Physicists study a wide range of physical phenomena in many branches of physics spanning all length scales: from sub-atomic particles of which all ordinary matter is made to the behavior of the material Universe as a whole.\nThe term \"physicist\" was coined by William Whewell in his 1840 book The Philosophy of the Inductive Sciences.
/m/025ttz4	The University of Warsaw is the largest university in Poland, established in 1816. It employs over 6,000 staff including over 3,100 academic educators. It provides graduate courses for 56,000 students. The University offers some 37 different fields of study, and over 100 specializations in humanities, technical as well as natural sciences.
/m/059x66	The 67th Academy Awards, honoring the best films of 1994, were held on March 27, 1995, at the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, California. They were hosted by comedian and talk show host David Letterman.\nThe ceremony is perhaps best remembered for Letterman's performance as the host. Although some thought of him as different but good, most critics labeled his performance as terrible and expressed a wish for him never to host the Oscars again. This negative criticism arose from Letterman's absurdist brand of comedy, and it was followed by Late Show with David Letterman losing in the ratings to The Tonight Show with Jay Leno by the summer of 1995. Letterman seems to have a sense of humor about it, however, because around Academy Award season he frequently references his lackluster appearance at the Academy awards on his show in a humorous tone.\nForrest Gump won Best Picture, as well as an additional five Oscars, including Tom Hanks' second consecutive Academy Award for Best Actor. Hanks became only the second person in Oscar history to accomplish the feat of winning consecutive awards in the Best Actor category, the first being Spencer Tracy. Also, Jessica Lange, winner of the 1982 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Tootsie, won the Academy Award for Best Actress for Tony Richardson's last film, Blue Sky, joining an elite group of thespians who have won Oscars in both the supporting and lead categories. Dianne Wiest won her second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Woody Allen film, becoming the first person to win two Oscars in the same category where the films were directed by the same person.
/m/0f4vx0	The 2007 NBA draft was held on June 28, 2007 at the WaMu Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. It was broadcast on television in 115 countries. In this draft, National Basketball Association teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.\nFreshman Greg Oden from the Ohio State University was drafted first overall by the Portland Trail Blazers, who won the draft lottery. However, he missed the 2007–08 season due to microfracture surgery on his right knee during the pre-season. Another freshman, Kevin Durant, was drafted second overall from the University of Texas by the Seattle SuperSonics, and went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award for the 2007–08 season. Oden and Durant became the first freshmen to be selected with the top two picks in the draft. Al Horford, the son of former NBA player Tito Horford, was drafted third by the Atlanta Hawks. Of the three top picks, only Durant and Horford were able to enjoy solid All-Star careers, while Oden was beset by numerous microfracture surgeries on both knees that limited him to only 82 games from 2008 to 2010. As of the end of the 2012–13 NBA season, Oden has signed with the Miami Heat.
/m/01tl50z	Shirley Mae Jones is an American singer and actress of stage, film and television. In her six decades of show business, she has starred as wholesome characters in a number of well-known musical films, such as Oklahoma!, Carousel, and The Music Man. She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing a vengeful prostitute in Elmer Gantry. She played Shirley Partridge, the widowed mother of five children in the situation-comedy television series The Partridge Family, which co-starred her real-life stepson David Cassidy, son of Jack Cassidy.
/m/01pfpt	Krautrock is rock and electronic music that originated in Germany in the late 1960s. The term was popularized in the English-speaking press. Later, German media started to use it as a term for all German rock bands from the late 1960s and 1970s, while abroad the term specifically referred to more experimental artists who often but not always used synthesizers and other electronic instruments.\nThe term is a result of the English-speaking world's reception of the music at the time and not a reference to any one particular scene, style, or movement, as many krautrock artists were not familiar with one another. BBC DJ John Peel in particular is largely credited with spreading the reputation of krautrock outside of the German-speaking world.\nLargely divorced from the traditional blues and rock & roll influences of British and American rock music up to that time, the period contributed to the evolution of electronic music and ambient music as well as the birth of post-punk, alternative rock and New Age music. Key artists associated with the tag include Can, Amon Düül II, Ash Ra Tempel, Faust, Popol Vuh, Cluster, Tangerine Dream, Klaus Schulze, Neu!, and Kraftwerk.
/m/01vyv9	Larry Martin Hagman was an American film and television actor best known for playing ruthless oil baron J. R. Ewing in the 1980s prime time television soap opera Dallas, and befuddled astronaut Major Anthony \"Tony\" Nelson in the 1960s sitcom I Dream of Jeannie.\nHagman had supporting roles in numerous films, including Fail-Safe, Nixon, and Primary Colors. His television appearances also included guest roles on dozens of shows spanning from the late 1950s up until his death, and a reprisal of his signature role on the 2013 revival of Dallas. He also worked as a producer and director on television.\nHagman was the son of actress Mary Martin. He underwent a life-saving liver transplant in 1995. Although Hagman was a member of a 12-step program, he publicly advocated marijuana as a better alternative to alcohol. He died on November 23, 2012, from complications of acute myeloid leukemia.
/m/0py5b	John Wilden Hughes, Jr. was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He directed or scripted some of the most successful films of the 1980s and 1990s, including National Lampoon's Vacation; Ferris Bueller's Day Off; Weird Science; The Breakfast Club; Some Kind of Wonderful; Sixteen Candles; Pretty in Pink; Planes, Trains and Automobiles; Uncle Buck; Home Alone and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.\nHe is known as the king of teen movies as well as helping launch the careers of actors including Michael Keaton, Molly Ringwald, Anthony Michael Hall, Bill Paxton, Matthew Broderick, Macaulay Culkin, John Candy, and the up-and-coming actors collectively nicknamed the Brat Pack.
/m/0160w	The Bahamas, officially the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, is an island country consisting of more than 700 islands, cays, and islets in the Atlantic Ocean; north of Cuba and Hispaniola; northwest of the Turks and Caicos Islands; southeast of the U.S. state of Florida and east of the Florida Keys. Its capital is Nassau on the island of New Providence. The designation of \"Bahamas\" can refer to either the country or the larger island chain that it shares with the Turks and Caicos Islands. As stated in the mandate/manifesto of the Royal Bahamas Defence Force, the Bahamas territory encompasses 470,000 km² of ocean space.\nOriginally inhabited by the Lucayan, a branch of the Arawakan-speaking Taino people, the Bahamas were the site of Columbus' first landfall in the New World in 1492. Although the Spanish never colonized the Bahamas, they shipped the native Lucayans to slavery in Hispaniola. The islands were mostly deserted from 1513 until 1648, when English colonists from Bermuda settled on the island of Eleuthera.\nThe Bahamas became a British Crown colony in 1718, when the British clamped down on piracy. After the American War of Independence, thousands of American Loyalists, taking their enslaved Africans, moved to the Bahamas, where the Americans set up a plantation economy. After Britain abolished the international slave trade in 1807, the Royal Navy resettled many free Africans liberated from illegal slave ships in the Bahamas during the 19th century. Hundreds of American slaves and Black Seminoles escaped to the islands from Florida, and nearly 500 were freed from American merchant ships in the domestic trade. Slavery in the Bahamas was abolished in 1834. Today the descendants of slaves and free Africans form the majority of the population; issues related to the slavery years are part of society. The Bahamas became an independent Commonwealth realm in 1973, retaining Queen Elizabeth II as its monarch.
/m/0345_	Guatemala, officially the Republic of Guatemala, is a country in Central America bordered by Mexico to the north and west, the Pacific Ocean to the southwest, Belize to the northeast, the Caribbean to the east, Honduras to the east and El Salvador to the southeast. Its area is 108,890 km² with an estimated population of 15,438,384. A representative democracy, its capital is Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción, also known as Guatemala City.\nThe former Mayan civilization was a Mesoamerican civilization, which continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish. They had lived in Guatemala, Honduras, Belize, the southern part of Mexico and eastern parts of El Salvador. After independence from Spain in 1821, Guatemala was a part of the Federal Republic of Central America and after its dissolution the country suffered much of the political instability that characterized the region during mid to late 19th century. Early in the 20th century, Guatemala had a mixture of democratic governments as well as a series of dictators, the last of which were frequently assisted by the United Fruit Company and the United States government. From 1960 to 1996, Guatemala underwent a civil war fought between the government and leftist rebels. Following the war, Guatemala has witnessed both economic growth and successful democratic elections. In the most recent election, held in 2011, Otto Pérez Molina of the Patriotic Party won the presidency.
/m/01tz6vs	Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy, also known as Leo Tolstoy, was a Russian writer who primarily wrote novels and short stories. Tolstoy was a master of realistic fiction and is widely considered one of the world's greatest novelists. He is best known for two long novels, War and Peace and Anna Karenina. Tolstoy first achieved literary acclaim in his 20s with his semi-autobiographical trilogy of novels, Childhood, Boyhood, and Youth and Sevastopol Sketches, based on his experiences in the Crimean War. His fiction output also includes two additional novels, dozens of short stories, and several famous novellas, including The Death of Ivan Ilych, Family Happiness, and Hadji Murad. Later in life, he also wrote plays and essays. Tolstoy is equally known for his complicated and paradoxical persona and for his extreme moralistic and ascetic views, which he adopted after a moral crisis and spiritual awakening in the 1870s, after which he also became noted as a moral thinker and social reformer.\nHis literal interpretation of the ethical teachings of Jesus, centering on the Sermon on the Mount, caused him in later life to become a fervent Christian anarchist and anarcho-pacifist. His ideas on nonviolent resistance, expressed in such works as The Kingdom of God Is Within You, were to have a profound impact on such pivotal twentieth-century figures as Mohandas Gandhi and Martin Luther King, Jr.
/m/08h79x	Thelma Colbert Schoonmaker is an American film editor who has worked with director Martin Scorsese for over forty years. She has edited all of Scorsese's films since Raging Bull, first working with Scorsese in his debut feature film Who's That Knocking at My Door. Schoonmaker has received seven Academy Award nominations for best editing, and has won three times.\nSchoonmaker was married to film director Michael Powell from May 19, 1984 until his death in 1990. Since his death, Schoonmaker has been dedicated to preserving the films and honoring the legacy of her husband, who directed many classic films, including The Red Shoes. She was introduced to Michael Powell by Martin Scorsese and London based film producer Frixos Constantine.
/m/0c9c0	Sacha Noam Baron Cohen is an English stand-up comedian, writer, actor, and voice actor. A graduate of Cambridge University, Baron Cohen is most widely known for creating and playing four fictional characters: Ali G, Borat Sagdiyev, Brüno Gehard, and Admiral General Aladeen. In most of his routines, Baron Cohen's characters interact with unsuspecting people who do not realise they are being set up for comic situations and self-revealing ridicule.\nBaron Cohen was named Best Newcomer at the 1999 British Comedy Awards for The 11 O'Clock Show, and since then, his work has been further recognised with two BAFTA Awards for Da Ali G Show, several Emmy nominations, a nomination for an Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay, and a Golden Globe for Best Actor for his work in the feature film Borat. After the release of Borat, Baron Cohen stated that because the public had become too familiar with the characters, he would retire Borat and Ali G. Similarly, after the release of Brüno, Baron Cohen stated he would also retire the title character. At the 2012 British Comedy Awards, he received the Outstanding Achievement Award, accepting the award while reprising his Ali G character. In 2013, he received the BAFTA Charlie Chaplin Britannia Award for Excellence in Comedy.
/m/0mbwf	The University of Calgary is a public research university located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Founded in 1966 the University of Calgary is composed of 14 faculties and more than 85 research institutes and centres.\nMore than 25,000 undergraduate and 6,000 graduate students are currently enrolled. The University of Calgary has graduated over 155,000 alumni in 152 countries, including the current Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper, and Canadian astronaut Robert Thirsk.\nThe University of Calgary is one of Canada’s top research universities and is a member of the U15.\nThe University of Calgary is the birthplace of a number of important inventions, including the neurochip. The university's sponsored research revenue of $352 million, with total revenues exceeding $1.1 billion, is one of the highest in the country. Being in Calgary, with Canada's highest concentration of engineers and geoscientists, the Faculty of Science, Department of Geosciences and the Schulich School of Engineering maintain ties to the petroleum and geoscience industry.
/m/026670	Paul Thomas Anderson is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. Interested in film-making at a young age, Anderson was encouraged by his father Ernie Anderson to become a filmmaker. Anderson is often considered to be one of the greatest and most distinctive filmmakers of his generation, initially being praised as a wunderkind after the release of Boogie Nights and Magnolia.\nIn 1993, he wrote and directed a short film titled Cigarettes & Coffee on a budget of $20,000. After he attended the Sundance Institute, Anderson had a deal with Rysher Entertainment to direct his first feature film, Hard Eight, in 1996. Anderson received critical and commercial success for his film Boogie Nights, set during the Golden Age of Porn in the 1970s and 1980s. His third feature, Magnolia, received wide acclaim despite struggling at the box office.\nIn 2002, Punch-Drunk Love, Anderson's fourth feature, was released to positive reviews. After a five-year absence, There Will Be Blood was released to critical acclaim in 2007. It is Anderson's highest-grossing film to date and is considered by many critics to be one of the greatest films of the 2000s. In 2012, Anderson's sixth film, The Master, was released to critical acclaim. His planned seventh film, Inherent Vice, based on the novel of the same name by Thomas Pynchon, is scheduled for release in 2014.
/m/07ghv5	Fullmetal Alchemist the Movie: Conqueror of Shamballa is a 2005 Japanese animated film directed by Seiji Mizushima and written by Sho Aikawa. A sequel to the first Fullmetal Alchemist television series, the film follows the story of alchemist Edward Elric as he attempts to return to his homeworld, having lived for two years on a parallel universe Earth, while his younger brother Alphonse is also trying to reunite with him by any means necessary. Edward's search attracts the attention of the Thule Society, which seeks to enter his homeworld, believing it to be Shamballa, in order to obtain new weapons to help them in World War II.\nConqueror of Shamballa premiered in Japan on July 23, 2005. A CD soundtrack has also been published featuring music from the film developed by Michiru Oshima and L'Arc-en-Ciel. In Japan, it has been edited in a standard DVD, as well as in a limited edition. It was later licensed in North America by Funimation that featured the film in cinemas for a short time, and also released it on DVD and Blu-ray.\nMost of the staff from the first Fullmetal Alchemist anime started development on Conqueror of Shamballa shortly after the anime's ending. The original script had to be shortened to fit the film's length of 105 minutes. During its premiere in Japan, Conqueror of Shamballa remained as one of the most popular films in the year. Critical reaction to the film has commonly been positive, with reviews praising the film's story and graphics used.
/m/01dzz7	Michael Swanwick is an American science fiction author. Based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he began publishing in the early 1980s.
/m/05z01	Plymouth Argyle Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Plymouth, Devon, that plays in Football League Two.\nSince becoming professional in 1903, the club has won five Football League titles, five Southern League titles and one Western League title. The 2009–10 season was the club's 42nd in the second tier of English football. The team set the record for most championships won in the third tier, having finished first in the Third Division South twice, the Third Division once and the Second Division once.\nThe club takes its nickname, \"The Pilgrims\", from an English religious group that left Plymouth for the New World in 1620. The club crest features the Mayflower, the ship that carried the pilgrims to Massachusetts. The city of Plymouth is the largest in England never to have hosted top-flight football. They are the most southern and western League club in England.
/m/0ccvx	Queens is the easternmost of the five boroughs of New York City, the largest in area, and the second-largest in population. The borough of Queens has been coterminous with Queens County since 1899. The county is now the second most populous county in New York State, as well as the fourth-most densely populated county in the United States. Queens sit on the west end of geographic Long Island. Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world with a population of over 2.2 million, 48% of whom are foreign-born, representing over 100 different nations and speaking over 138 different languages.\nIf each New York City borough were an independent city, Queens would be America's fourth most populous city, after Los Angeles, Chicago, and Brooklyn. Queens has the second-largest and most diversified economy of all the five boroughs of New York City.\nThe differing character in the neighborhoods of Queens is reflected by its diverse housing stock ranging from high-density apartment buildings, especially prominent in the more urban areas of central and western Queens, such as Astoria, Long Island City, and Ridgewood, to large free-standing single-family homes, common in the eastern part of the borough, in neighborhoods that have a more suburban layout like neighboring Nassau County, such as Little Neck, Douglaston, and Bayside.
/m/02qyxs5	This is a list of the winners and nominees of the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film.
/m/05q5t0b	The Razzie Award for Worst New Star is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst new actor or actress of the previous year from 1982 to 1989 and again from 1991 to 1999. The category has since been discontinued.
/m/047s_cr	Raghu Babu is a Telugu famous comedian well known for his comic expressions & timing in many successful films in Telugu industry, who is the elder son of famous comedian and character actor Giri Babu. He got married in 1988. He played a crucial role in comedy part in movies, establishing himself as the director's pick in several Telugu films. He is a Nandi Award nominee for a Telugu film. He is ready to debut as a director very soon.
/m/027y151	Willie D. Burton is an American production sound mixer. His career has spanned four decades and has included films such as The Shawshank Redemption, Se7en, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Burton has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound or Best Achievement in Sound Mixing a total of seven times, winning twice; he has been nominated for two BAFTA Film Awards for Best Sound, winning once; and he was nominated for one Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Film Sound Mixing for his work on Roots.
/m/0flry	The Hundred Years' War was a series of conflicts waged from 1337 to 1453 between the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of France for control of the French throne. Many allies of both sides were also drawn into the conflict. The war had its roots in a dynastic disagreement dating back to the time of William the Conqueror, who became King of England in 1066 while retaining possession of the Duchy of Normandy in France. As the rulers of Normandy and other lands on the continent, the English kings owed feudal homage to the King of France. In 1337, Edward III of England refused to pay homage to Philip VI of France, leading the French King to claim confiscation of Edward's lands in Aquitaine.\nEdward responded by declaring that he, not Philip, was the rightful King of France, a claim dating to 1328, when Edward's uncle, Charles IV of France, died without a direct male heir. Edward was the closest male relative of the dead king, as son of Isabella of France who was a daughter of Philip IV of France and a sister of Charles IV. But instead, the dead king's cousin, Philip VI, the son of Philip IV's younger brother, Charles, Count of Valois, was crowned King of France in accordance with Salic law, which disqualified the succession of males descended through female lines. The question of legal succession to the French crown was central to the war over generations of English and French claimants.
/m/03gh4	Hawaii is the most recent of the 50 U.S. states, and is the only U.S. state made up entirely of islands. It is the northernmost island group in Polynesia, occupying most of an archipelago in the central Pacific Ocean.\nHawaii’s diverse natural scenery, warm tropical climate, abundance of public beaches, oceanic surroundings, and active volcanoes make it a popular destination for tourists, surfers, biologists, and volcanologists alike. Due to its mid-Pacific location, Hawaii has many North American and Asian influences along with its own vibrant native culture. Hawaii has over a million permanent residents along with many visitors and U.S. military personnel. Its capital is Honolulu on the island of Oʻahu.\nThe state encompasses nearly the entire volcanic Hawaiian Island chain, which comprises hundreds of islands spread over 1,500 miles. At the southeastern end of the archipelago, the eight \"main islands\" are Niʻihau, Kauaʻi, Oʻahu, Molokaʻi, Lānaʻi, Kahoʻolawe, Maui and the island of Hawaiʻi. The last is the largest and is often called \"The Big Island\" to avoid confusing the name of the island with the name of the state as a whole. The archipelago is physiographically and ethnologically part of the Polynesian subregion of Oceania.
/m/0262zm	The Hugo Award for Best Short Story is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The short story award is available for works of fiction of fewer than 7,500 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the novelette, novella, and novel categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Short Story has been awarded annually since 1955, except in 1957. The award was titled \"Best Short Fiction\" rather than \"Best Short Story\" in 1960–1966. During this time no Novelette category was awarded and the Novella category had not yet been established; the award was defined only as a work \"of less than novel length\" that was not published as a stand-alone book. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for 50, 75, or 100 years prior. Retro Hugos may only be awarded for years in which a World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, was hosted, but no awards were originally given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for short stories for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five short stories on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. The 1955 through 1958 awards did not include any recognition of runner-up stories, but since 1959 all five candidates have been recorded. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near Labor Day, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/02cttt	University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, also commonly known as the University of Buffalo, University of Buffalo or SUNY Buffalo, is a public research university with multiple campuses located in Buffalo and Amherst, New York, United States. The university was founded in 1846 as a private college, but in 1962 was absorbed into the State University of New York system. By enrollment, UB is the largest of SUNY's four comprehensive university centers, and also the largest public university in the northeastern United States. In addition, by either endowment or research funding, UB is also the largest one of SUNY's four comprehensive flagship university centers.\nAs of 2012, the university enrolls 28,601 students in 13 separate colleges. The university houses the largest state-operated medical school and features the only state law school, architecture and urban planning school, and pharmacy school in the state of New York. The university offers over 100 bachelor's, 205 master's, 84 doctoral, and 10 professional areas of study.\nAccording to the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, the University at Buffalo is a Research University with Very High Research Activity. In 1989, UB was elected to the Association of American Universities, which represents 62 prestigious, leading research universities in the United States and Canada. UB's alumni and faculty have produced a U.S. President, a Prime Minister, astronauts, Nobel laureates, Pulitzer Prize winners, Academy Award winners, Emmy Award winners, Rhodes Scholars, and other notable individuals in their fields.
/m/01wbz9	Robert Allen Palmer was an English singer-songwriter and musician. He was known for his sharp dress sense and distinctive voice, and the eclectic mix of musical styles on his albums, combining soul, jazz, rock, pop, reggae and blues. He found success both in his solo career and with Power Station, and had Top 10 songs in both the UK and the US.\nHis iconic music videos directed by British fashion photographer Terence Donovan for the hits \"Addicted to Love\" and \"Simply Irresistible\" featured identically dressed dancing women with pale faces, dark eye makeup and bright red lipstick, which resembled the women in the art of Patrick Nagel, an artist popular in the 1980s. Palmer's involvement in the music industry commenced in the 1960s, covered four decades and included a spell with Vinegar Joe.\nPalmer received a number of awards throughout his career, including two Grammy Awards for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance, an MTV Video Music Award, and was twice nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male.
/m/047cx	King Crimson are a progressive rock band. Formed in London in 1968, they're widely recognised as a foundational progressive rock group despite the band's own resistance to the label. The band has incorporated diverse influences and instrumentation during its history.\nThe band's line-up has persistently altered throughout their existence, with eighteen musicians and three lyricists passing through the ranks. The only musician to appear in every line-up of the band has been founding guitarist Robert Fripp, although others' tenures have sometimes extended for decades. Due to the number of musicians involved in King Crimson over the years the band is at the hub of a network of other bands and projects, and has been influential to many contemporary musical artists. The band has a large following, despite garnering little radio or music video airplay.\nThe debut line-up of the band was influential but short-lived, lasting for just over one year. During 1970 and 1971, King Crimson were an unstable band, with many personnel changes and disjunctions between studio and live sound as they explored elements of jazz, funk and classical chamber music. By 1972 the band had a more stable line-up and developed an improvisational sound mingling hard rock, contemporary classical music, free jazz and jazz fusion before breaking up in 1974. They re-formed with a new line-up in 1981 for three years before breaking up again for around a decade. Since reforming for the second time, King Crimson have blended aspects of their 1980s and 1970s sound with influences from more recent musical genres such as industrial rock, grunge and loop music. The band's efforts to blend additional elements into their music have continued into the 21st century, with more recent developments including drum and bass-styled rhythm loops and extensive use of MIDI and guitar synthesis.
/m/0q48z	Anniston is a city in Calhoun County in the state of Alabama. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city is 23,106. According to the 2011 U.S. Census estimates, the city had a population of 22,959. The city is the county seat of Calhoun County and one of two urban centers/principal cities of and included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nNamed The Model City by Atlanta newspaperman Henry W. Grady for its careful planning in the late 19th century, the city is situated on the slope of Blue Mountain.
/m/03rz4	The Indian Ocean is the third largest of the world's oceanic divisions, covering approximately 20% of the water on the Earth's surface. It is bounded by Asia—including India, after which the ocean is named—on the north, on the west by Africa, on the east by Australia, and on the south by the Southern Ocean.\nAs one component of the World Ocean, the Indian Ocean is delineated from the Atlantic Ocean by the 20° east meridian running south from Cape Agulhas, and from the Pacific Ocean by the meridian of 146°55' east. The northernmost extent of the Indian Ocean is approximately 30° north in the Persian Gulf. The ocean is nearly 10,000 km wide at the southern tips of Africa and Australia, and its area is 73,556,000 km², including the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf.\nThe Indian Ocean's volume is estimated to be 292,131,000 km³. Small islands dot the continental rims. Island nations within the ocean are Madagascar, Comoros, Seychelles, Maldives, Mauritius, and Sri Lanka. The archipelago of Indonesia borders the ocean on the east.
/m/026z9	Disco is a genre of music that peaked in popularity in the late 1970s, though it has since enjoyed brief resurgences including the present day. The term is derived from discothèque. Its initial audiences were club-goers from the African American, gay, Italian American, Latino, and psychedelic communities in New York City and Philadelphia during the late 1960s and early 1970s. Disco also was a reaction against both the domination of rock music and the stigmatization of dance music by the counterculture during this period. Women embraced disco as well, and the music eventually expanded to several other popular groups of the time.\nIn what is considered a forerunner to disco-style clubs, New York City DJ David Mancuso opened The Loft, a members-only private dance club set in his own home, in February 1970. Allmusic claims some have argued that Isaac Hayes and Barry White were playing what would be called disco music as early as 1971. According to the music guide, there is disagreement as to what the first disco song was. Claims have been made for Manu Dibango's \"Soul Makossa\", Jerry Butler's \"One Night Affair\", the O'Jays' \"Love Train\", the Hues Corporation's \"Rock the Boat\", and George McCrae's \"Rock Your Baby\". The first article about disco was written in September 1973 by Vince Aletti for Rolling Stone magazine. In 1974 New York City's WPIX-FM premiered the first disco radio show.
/m/0166b	Bosnia and Herzegovina, sometimes called Bosnia-Herzegovina, abbreviated BiH, or simply Bosnia, is a country in Southeastern Europe. Its capital and largest city is Sarajevo with a population of 369,534 people and 515,012 inhabitants across the entire metropolitan area. Bordered by Croatia to the north, west and south, Serbia to the east, and Montenegro to the southeast, Bosnia and Herzegovina is almost landlocked, except for the 20 kilometres of coastline on the Adriatic Sea surrounding the city of Neum. In the central and eastern interior of the country the geography is mountainous, in the northwest it is moderately hilly, and the northeast is predominantly flatland. The inland is a geographically larger region and has a moderate continental climate, bookended by hot summers and cold and snowy winters. The southern tip of the country has a Mediterranean climate and plain topography.\nBosnia and Herzegovina is a region that traces permanent human settlement back to the Neolithic age, during and after which it was populated by several Illyrian and Celtic civilizations. Culturally, politically, and socially, the country has one of the richest histories in the region, having been first settled by the Slavic peoples that populate the area today from the 6th through to the 9th centuries AD. They then established the first independent banate in the region, known as the Banate of Bosnia, in the early 12th century upon the arrival and convergence of peoples that would eventually come to call themselves Dobri Bošnjani. This evolved into the Kingdom of Bosnia in the 14th century, after which it was annexed into the Ottoman Empire, under whose rule it would remain from the mid-15th to the late 19th centuries. The Ottomans brought Islam to the region, and altered much of the cultural and social outlook of the country. This was followed by annexation into the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, which lasted up until World War I. In the interwar period, Bosnia was part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and after World War II, the country was granted full republic status in a newly formed Yugoslav Federation. Following the dissolution of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the country proclaimed independence in 1992, which was followed by the Bosnian War, lasting until late 1995.
/m/02665kn	James Norman \"Jim\" Beaver, Jr. is an American stage, film, and television actor, playwright, screenwriter, director, and film historian. He is most familiar to worldwide audiences as the gruff but tenderhearted prospector Whitney Ellsworth on the HBO Western drama series Deadwood, a starring role which brought him acclaim and a Screen Actors Guild Awards nomination for Ensemble Acting after three decades of supporting work in films and TV. He portrays Bobby Singer in the CW television series Supernatural and Sheriff Shelby Parlow on the FX series Justified. His memoir Life's That Way was published in April 2009.
/m/02krf9	A television director directs the activities involved in making a television program and is part of a television crew.
/m/02bp37	The One Hundred Fifth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1997 to January 3, 1999, during the fifth and sixth years of Bill Clinton's presidency. Apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
/m/0309lm	Stephen Root is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for his comedic work as Jimmy James on the TV sitcom NewsRadio, as Milton Waddams in the film Office Space and as the voices of Bill Dauterive and Buck Strickland in the animated series King of the Hill. He has also won acclaim for his occasional dramatic and comedic roles, such as that of Captain K'Vada in the Star Trek: The Next Generation feature-length episode \"Unification\", and as Gordon Pibb in DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story.
/m/0hn10	LGBT is an initialism that stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender. In use since the 1990s, the term is an adaptation of the initialism LGB, which itself started replacing the term gay when in reference to the LGBT community beginning in the mid-to-late 1980s, as many felt the term gay community did not accurately represent all those to whom it referred. The initialism has become mainstream as a self-designation and has been adopted by the majority of sexuality and gender identity-based community centers and media in the United States and some other English-speaking countries. It is also used in some other countries in whose languages the initialism is meaningful, such as France.\nThe initialism LGBT is intended to emphasize a diversity of sexuality and gender identity-based cultures and is sometimes used to refer to anyone who is non-heterosexual or non-cisgender instead of exclusively to people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. To recognize this inclusion, a popular variant adds the letter Q for those who identify as queer and/or are questioning their sexual identity as LGBTQ, recorded since 1996.\nOn the one hand, some intersex people who want to be included in LGBT groups suggest an extended initialism LGBTI. This initialism \"LGBTI\" is used in all parts of \"The Activist's Guide\" of the Yogyakarta Principles in Action. Furthermore, the initialism LGBTIH has seen use in India to encompass the hijra third gender identity and the related subculture. More recently the catch-all term \"Gender and Sexual Diversity\" GSD has been proposed.
/m/0p9sw	The Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing is an Academy Award that recognizes the finest or most euphonic sound mixing or recording, and is generally awarded to the production sound mixers and re-recording mixers of the winning film. Compare this award to the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing. In the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.\nFor the first year of this category only the names of the films and companies were listed. When the awards were announced, only the names linked to the winning film were announced too.
/m/05b2gsm	Patrizia von Brandenstein is an American production designer. She was the first woman to win an Academy Award for production design and has been nominated for two more in the category Best Art Direction. She has shown versatility in creating sets for both lavish historical films and glossy contemporary fare.\nShe was born in Arizona to German Russian emigrant parents. Her education abroad closed with two years as an apprentice at the famed Comédie Française. She started with the off-Broadway scene of 1960s New York at the Actors Studio and La MaMa as a seamstress, prop maker and scene painter. 1966 saw the real start of her career in design with an eight-year stay creating costumes and sets at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco under William Ball. She also met future husband and fellow production designer Stuart Wurtzel. She has designed movies in a wide range of subjects, styles, and periods: from the low-budget, break-dancing musical Beat Street to the expensive plutonium-plant melodrama Silkwood.\nDirector Neil Burger, in his DVD commentary for Limitless, singles out von Brandenstein for her excellent work on the film.
/m/01xwv7	David Khari Webber \"Dave\" Chappelle is an American comedian, screenwriter, television and film producer, and actor. After beginning his film career in 1993 as Ahchoo in Mel Brooks' Robin Hood: Men in Tights, he landed minor roles in box office hits including The Nutty Professor, Con Air, and Blue Streak. He co-wrote himself into his first lead role in Half Baked, which was directed by Tamra Davis.\nIn 2003, he became more widely known for his sketch comedy television series, Chappelle's Show, co-written with Neal Brennan, which ran until his retirement from the show two years later. By 2006, Chappelle was called \"the comic genius of America\" by Esquire and, in 2013, \"the best\" by a Billboard writer. The show continues to run in popular late-night syndication and on television networks around the world. Comedy Central ranks him No. 43 in \"the 100 Greatest Stand-Ups of All Time.\"\nHe lives with his family in Yellow Springs, Ohio, and continues to perform stand-up, recently touring the U.S. as part of the 2013 Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival.
/m/01m1dzc	Norman Blake is an instrumentalist, vocalist, and songwriter. In a career spanning more than 50 years Blake has played in a number of folk and country groups. He is considered one of the leading figures in the bluegrass revival of the 1970s and is still active today, playing concert dates and making albums with his wife Nancy Blake.
/m/01tgwv	The Arthur C. Clarke Award is a British award given for the best science fiction novel first published in the United Kingdom during the previous year. It is named after British author Arthur C. Clarke, who gave a grant to establish the award in 1987. The book is chosen by a panel of judges from the British Science Fiction Association, the Science Fiction Foundation, and a third organisation, which as of 2012 is the Sci-Fi-London film festival. The award has been described as \"the UK's most prestigious science fiction prize\".\nAny \"full-length\" science fiction novel written or translated into English is eligible for the prize, provided that it was first published in the United Kingdom during the prior calendar year. There is no restriction on the nationality of the author, and the publication history of works outside of the United Kingdom is not taken into consideration. Books must be submitted for consideration by their publishing company and self-published titles are not currently eligible. An official call for entries is issued to UK publishers every year and members of the judging panel and organisation committee also actively call in titles they would like to see submitted. A title must be actively submitted in order to be considered. The judges form a shortlist of six works that they feel are worthy of consideration, which they select a winning book from. The winner receives an engraved bookend and a prize consisting of a number of pounds sterling equal to the current year, such as £2012 for the year 2012. Prior to 2001, the award was £1000.
/m/0bzjgq	The 49th Academy Awards were presented March 28, 1977, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Richard Pryor, Jane Fonda, Ellen Burstyn, and Warren Beatty.\nThis Academy Awards ceremony is notable for Peter Finch becoming the first posthumous winner of an Oscar for acting, a feat matched only by Heath Ledger 32 years later. Beatrice Straight set another record by becoming the actor with shortest performance ever in a film to win an acting Oscar, with only five minutes and forty seconds of screentime in Network. Network, along with All the President's Men, were the two biggest champs of the ceremony with four Oscars each; however, John G. Avildsen won Best Director in an upset, assuring Rocky's eventual Best Picture victory.\nPiper Laurie was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for Carrie, her first acting role since her Best Actress-nominated performance in The Hustler, thus being nominated for two consecutive roles, 15 years apart.\nAs of the 86th Academy Awards, Network remains the last film to receive five acting nominations, and the last to win three acting Oscars. This year's Academy Awards is also notable for the first ever female director nominated for Best Director, Lina Wertmüller for Seven Beauties. To date, three further female directors have been nominated: Jane Campion for The Piano in 1993, Sofia Coppola for Lost in Translation in 2003, and Kathryn Bigelow for The Hurt Locker in 2009.
/m/0flw6	Jeffrey Leon \"Jeff\" Bridges is an American actor, country musician, and producer. He comes from a well-known acting family and began his televised acting in 1958 as a child with his father, Lloyd Bridges, and brother, Beau, on television's Sea Hunt. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis \"Bad\" Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, Starman, The Contender, and True Grit. Among his other best-known major motion films are: The Big Lebowski, Fearless, Iron Man, The Fabulous Baker Boys, Jagged Edge, Against All Odds, The Fisher King, Seabiscuit, Arlington Road, Tron and Tron: Legacy.
/m/0n5fz	Hudson County, the smallest county in New Jersey and one of the most densely populated in United States, is located on the Hudson River, which creates part of its eastern border. Part of the New York metropolitan area, Jersey City is its largest city and county seat. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county's population was 634,266, an increase of 25,291 from the 608,975 enumerated in the 2000 Census, moving up to become the fourth-most populous county in the state, swapping positions with Monmouth County. Based on data from the 2010 census, Hudson County was the sixth-most densely populated county in the United States, at 13,731.4 per square mile of total area.\nThe county is named for explorer Henry Hudson, namesake of the river.
/m/025m8y	The Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media has been awarded since 1960. Until 2001, the award was presented to the composer of the music alone. From 2001 to 2006, the producer and engineers shared in this award. In 2007, the award reverted to a composer-only award.\nThe award is presented to composer for an original score created for a film, a TV show or series, video games or other visual media.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nIn 1959 the award was known as Best Sound Track Album – Background Score from a Motion Picture or Television\nFrom 1961 to 1962 it was awarded as Best Sound Track Album or Recording of Music Score from Motion Picture or Television\nFrom 1964 to 1968 it was awarded as Best Original Score from a Motion Picture or Television Show\nFrom 1969 to 1973 and in 1978 it was awarded as Best Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special\nFrom 1974 to 1977 it was awarded as Album of Best Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special\nFrom 1979 to 1986 it was awarded as Best Album of Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special\nFrom 1988 to 1990 it was awarded as Best Album or Original Instrumental Background Score Written for a Motion Picture or Television
/m/03rj0	Iceland is a Nordic island country marking the juncture between the North Atlantic and the Arctic Ocean, on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. The country has a population of 321,857 and a total area of 103,000 km², which makes it the most sparsely populated country in Europe. The capital and largest city is Reykjavík, with the surrounding areas in the southwestern region of the country being home to two-thirds of the country's population. Reykjavík is the most northern capital in the world. Iceland is volcanically and geologically active. The interior consists mainly of a plateau characterised by sand and lava fields, mountains and glaciers, while many glacial rivers flow to the sea through the lowlands. Iceland is warmed by the Gulf Stream and has a temperate climate despite a high latitude just outside the Arctic Circle.\nAccording to Landnámabók, the settlement of Iceland began in AD 874 when the chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson became the first permanent Norse settler on the island. Others had visited the island earlier and stayed over winter. During the following centuries, Norsemen settled Iceland, bringing with them thralls of Gaelic origin. From 1262 to 1918, Iceland was part of the Norwegian and later the Danish monarchies. The country became independent in 1918 and a republic was declared in 1944.
/m/06jrhz	Paul Dini is an American writer and producer who works in the television and comic book industries. He is best known as a producer and writer for several Warner Bros./DC Comics animated series, including Star Wars: Ewoks, Tiny Toon Adventures, Batman: The Animated Series, Superman: The Animated Series, The New Batman/Superman Adventures, Batman Beyond and Duck Dodgers. He developed and scripted Krypto the Superdog and contributed scripts to Transformers, Animaniacs, Freakazoid, Justice League and Justice League Unlimited. After leaving Warner Bros. in early 2004, Dini went on to write and story edit the popular ABC adventure series Lost. He has written a number of comic books for DC Comics, including Harley Quinn and Superman: Peace on Earth. Fall 2010 saw the debut of Tower Prep, a new live action/drama series Dini created for Cartoon Network. It has been announced that after two decades of doing DC-related animated projects, Paul Dini will be going over to Marvel to serve as a writer and producer for Ultimate Spider-Man and Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H..
/m/0dr3sl	Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy-comedy film produced by PDI/DreamWorks, released by DreamWorks Pictures, directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson, featuring the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow. It is loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek!, and somewhat serves as a parody film, targeting other films adapted from numerous children's fantasies. The film made notable use of popular music; the soundtrack includes music by Smash Mouth, Eels, Joan Jett, The Proclaimers, Jason Wade, Baha Men, and John Cale.\nThe rights to the books were originally bought by Steven Spielberg in 1991, before the founding of DreamWorks, when he thought about making a traditionally animated film based on the book. However, John H. Williams convinced him to bring the film to DreamWorks in 1994, the time the studio was founded, and the film was put quickly into active development by Jeffrey Katzenberg after the rights were bought by the studio in 1995. Shrek originally cast Chris Farley to do the voice for the title character, recording about 80%–90% of his dialog. After Farley died in 1997 before he could finish, Mike Myers was brought in to work for the character, who after his first recording decided to record his voice in a Scottish accent. The film was also originally planned to be motion-captured, but after poor results, the studio decided to get PDI to help Shrek get its final computer-animated look.
/m/0vbk	Arkansas is a state located in the Southern region of the United States. Its name is of Algonquian derivation, denoting the Quapaw Indians. The state's diverse geography ranges from the mountainous regions of the Ozark and the Ouachita Mountains, which make up the U.S. Interior Highlands, to the densely forested land in the south known as the Arkansas Timberlands, to the eastern lowlands along the Mississippi River and the Arkansas Delta. Known as \"the Natural State\", the diverse regions of Arkansas offer residents and tourists a variety of opportunities for outdoor recreation.\nArkansas is the 29th largest in square miles and the 32nd most populous of the 50 United States. The capital and most populous city is Little Rock, located in the central portion of the state, a hub for transportation, business, culture, and government. The northwestern corner of the state, including the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers Metropolitan Area and Fort Smith metropolitan area, is also an important population, education, and economic center. The largest city in the eastern part of the state is Jonesboro.\nThe Territory of Arkansas was admitted to the Union as the 25th state on June 15, 1836. Arkansas withdrew from the United States and joined the Confederate States of America during the Civil War. Upon returning to the Union, the state would continue to suffer due to its earlier reliance on slavery and the plantation economy, causing the state to fall behind economically and socially. White rural interests continued to dominate the state's politics until the Civil Rights movement in the mid-20th century. Arkansas began to diversify its economy following World War II and now relies on its service industry as well as aircraft, poultry, steel and tourism in addition to cotton and rice.
/m/07myb2	Kerry Marisa Washington is an American actress.\nSince 2012, Washington has starred in the ABC drama Scandal, a Shonda Rhimes series in which Washington plays Olivia Pope, a former crisis management expert to the President. In 2013, her role earned her Primetime Emmy Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and Golden Globe Award nominations.\nWashington is known for her roles as Ray Charles's wife, Della Bea Robinson, in the film Ray, as Idi Amin's wife Kay in The Last King of Scotland, as Alicia Masters, love interest of Ben Grimm/The Thing in the live-action Fantastic Four films of 2005 and 2007, and as Broomhilda von Schaft, Django's wife, in Quentin Tarantino's film Django Unchained. She has also starred in the critically acclaimed independent films Our Song, The Dead Girl, and Night Catches Us.
/m/072r5v	Apocalypto is a 2006 American epic adventure film directed and produced by Mel Gibson. It was written by Gibson and Farhad Safinia. Set in Peten, Guatemala, during the declining period of the Maya civilization, Apocalypto depicts the journey of a Mesoamerican tribesman who must escape human sacrifice and rescue his family after the capture and destruction of his village.\nThe film features a cast of Maya people, and some other people of Native American descent. As the dialogue is in the Yucatec Maya language, it is accompanied by English subtitles.\nAlthough the film was a financial success, its depictions of indigenous cultures sparked controversy.
/m/030g9z	Shawn Mathis Wayans is an American actor, DJ, producer, writer and comedian who starred in In Living Color and The Wayans Bros. He is the brother of Keenen Ivory, Damon, Marlon, Kim, and Nadia Wayans.
/m/0p_tz	Breaking Away is a 1979 American coming of age comedy-drama film that follows a group of four male teenagers in Bloomington, Indiana, who have recently graduated from high school. It stars Dennis Christopher, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Barbara Barrie and Paul Dooley.\nThe film was written by Steve Tesich and directed by Peter Yates. It was shot in and around Bloomington and on the university's campus.\nBreaking Away won the 1979 Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Tesich, and received nominations in four other categories. It also won the 1979 Golden Globe Award for Best Film, and received nominations in three other Golden Globe categories.\nAs the film's young lead, Christopher won the 1979 BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer and the 1979 Young Artist Award for Best Juvenile Actor, as well as garnering a Golden Globe nomination as New Star of the Year.\nThe film is ranked eighth on the List of America's 100 Most Inspiring Movies compiled by the American Film Institute in 2006. In June 2008, AFI announced its \"Ten top Ten\"—the best ten films in ten \"classic\" American film genres—after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community. Breaking Away was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the sports genre.
/m/01j8wk	Don't Say a Word is a 2001 psychological thriller film starring Michael Douglas, Brittany Murphy and Sean Bean based on the novel of the same title by Andrew Klavan. Don't Say a Word was directed by Gary Fleder and written by Anthony Peckham and Patrick Smith Kelly.
/m/04wvhz	Brian Thomas Grazer is an American film and television producer.\nHe co-founded Imagine Entertainment in 1986, with Ron Howard. The films they produced have grossed over $13 billion. The movies include four for which Grazer was personally nominated for an Academy Award: Splash, Apollo 13, A Beautiful Mind, and Frost/Nixon. His films and TV shows have been nominated for 43 Academy Awards, and 131 Emmys.\nIn 2002, Grazer won an Oscar for Best Picture for A Beautiful Mind. In 2007, he was named one of Time Magazine's \"100 Most Influential People in the World\".
/m/0l1589	A vocoder is an analysis/synthesis system, used to reproduce human speech. In the encoder, the input is passed through a multiband filter, each band is passed through an envelope follower, and the control signals from the envelope followers are communicated to the decoder. The decoder applies these control signals to corresponding filters in the synthesizer. Since the control signals change only slowly compared to the original speech waveform, the bandwidth required to transmit speech can be reduced. This allows more speech channels to share a radio circuit or submarine cable. By encrypting the control signals, voice transmission can be secured against interception.\nThe vocoder was originally developed as a speech coder for telecommunications applications in the 1930s, the idea being to code speech for transmission. Transmitting the parameters of a speech model instead of a digitized representation of the speech waveform saves bandwidth in the communication channel; the parameters of the model change relatively slowly, compared to the changes in the speech waveform that they describe. Its primary use in this fashion is for secure radio communication, where voice has to be encrypted and then transmitted. The advantage of this method of \"encryption\" is that no \"signal\" is sent, but rather envelopes of the bandpass filters. The receiving unit needs to be set up in the same channel configuration to resynthesize a version of the original signal spectrum. The vocoder as both hardware and software has also been used extensively as an electronic musical instrument.
/m/02gdjb	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance was awarded between 1969 and 2011.\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Contemporary-Pop Performance, Instrumental\nFrom 1970 to 1971 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Instrumental Performance\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nIn 1973 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance by an Instrumental Performer\nFrom 1974 to 1975 it was again awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nFrom 1986 to 1989 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nSince 1990 it has again been awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nThe award was discontinued from 2011 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all instrumental performances in the pop category was shifted to either the newly formed Best Pop Solo Performance or Best Pop Duo/Group Performance categories.\nA similar award for Best Instrumental Performance was awarded from 1965 to 1968. This was also in the pop field, but did not specify pop music.
/m/0hyxv	Glasgow is the largest city in Scotland, and one of the largest in the United Kingdom, and, as of the 2011 census, the Scottish city with the highest population density with 3,395 people per square kilometre. It is situated on the River Clyde in the country's West Central Lowlands. Inhabitants of the city are referred to as Glaswegians.\nGlasgow grew from a small rural settlement on the River Clyde to become one of the largest seaports in the world. Expanding from the medieval bishopric and royal burgh, and the later establishment of the University of Glasgow in the 15th century, it became a major centre of the Scottish Enlightenment in the 18th century. From the 18th century the city also grew as one of Great Britain's main hubs of transatlantic trade with North America and the West Indies.\nWith the onset of the Industrial Revolution, the population and economy of Glasgow and the surrounding region expanded rapidly to become one of the world's pre-eminent centres of chemicals, textiles and engineering; most notably in the shipbuilding and marine engineering industry, which produced many innovative and famous vessels. Glasgow is known as the \"Second City of the British Empire\" for much of the Victorian era and Edwardian period. Today it is one of Europe's top ten financial centres and is home to many of Scotland's leading businesses. Glasgow is also ranked as the 57th most liveable city in the world.
/m/06b1q	Quarterback is a position in American and Canadian football. Quarterbacks are members of the offensive team and line up directly behind the offensive line. Quarterbacks are the leaders of the offensive team, responsible for calling the play in the huddle.
/m/02w4b	The flugelhorn is a brass instrument that resembles a trumpet but has a wider, conical bore. Some consider it a member of the saxhorn family developed by Adolphe Sax. Other historians assert that it derives from the valve bugle designed by Michael Saurle in Munich in 1832, which predates Adolphe Sax's work.
/m/0dsb_yy	Laura Elizabeth Carmichael is a British actress.
/m/08w7vj	Stephen Graham is a British actor. He is best known for his roles as Tommy in the film Snatch, Andrew \"Combo\" Gascoigne in This Is England as well as its television sequels, This Is England '86 and This Is England '88, Danny Ferguson in Occupation, Billy Bremner in The Damned United, notorious bank robber Baby Face Nelson in Public Enemies, and Scrum in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. Since 2010, he has starred as Al Capone in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0156q	Berlin is the capital city of Germany and one of the 16 states of Germany. With a population of 3.4 million people, Berlin is Germany's largest city and is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the River Spree, it is the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region, which has about 4½ million residents from over 180 nations. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. Around one third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers and lakes.\nFirst documented in the 13th century, Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia, the German Empire, the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich. Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world. After World War II, the city, along with the German state, was divided - into East Berlin — capital of the German Democratic Republic, colloquially identified in English as East Germany — and West Berlin, a political exclave and a de facto state of the Federal Republic of Germany, known colloquially in English as West Germany from 1949 to 1990. Following German reunification in 1990, the city was once more designated as the capital of all Germany.
/m/05d6q1	IFC Films is an American film distribution company based in New York, an offshoot of IFC owned by AMC Networks. It distributes independent films and documentaries under the IFC Films, Sundance Selects and IFC Midnight brands. It operates the IFC Center.
/m/0872p_c	Transformers 3 is a 2011 action sci-fi film directed by Michael Bay and written by Ehren Kruger.
/m/06s1qy	Ronald Bass, sometimes credited as Ron Bass, is an American screenwriter. Also a film producer, Bass's work is characterized as being highly in demand, and he is thought to be among the most highly paid writers in Hollywood. He is often called the \"King of the Pitches\". In 1988, he received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Rain Man, and films that Bass is associated with are regularly nominated for multiple motion picture awards.
/m/018ljb	The 1912 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Stockholm, Sweden, between 5 May and 27 July 1912. Twenty-eight nations and 2,408 competitors, including 48 women, competed in 102 events in 14 sports. With the exception of tennis and football and shooting, the games were held within a month with an official opening on 6 July. It was the last Olympics to issue solid gold medals and, with Japan's debut, the first time an Asian nation participated. Stockholm was the only bid for the games, and was selected in 1909.\nThe games were the first to have art competitions, women's diving, women's swimming, and the first to feature both the decathlon and the new pentathlon, both won by Jim Thorpe. Electric timing was introduced in athletics, while the host country disallowed boxing. Figure skating was rejected by the organizers because they wanted to promote the Nordic Games. United States won the most gold medals, while Sweden won the most medals overall.
/m/0dz3r	A record producer is an individual working within the music industry, whose job is to oversee and manage the recording of an artist's music. A producer has many roles that may include, but are not limited to, gathering ideas for the project, selecting songs and/or musicians, coaching the artist and musicians in the studio, controlling the recording sessions, and supervising the entire process through mixing and mastering. Producers also often take on a wider entrepreneurial role, with responsibility for the budget, schedules, and negotiations.\nToday, the recording industry has two kinds of producers: executive producer and music producer; they have different roles. While an executive producer oversees a project's finances, a music producer oversees the creation of the music.\nA music producer can, in some cases, be compared to a film director, with noted practitioner Phil Ek describing his role as \"the person who creatively guides or directs the process of making a record, like a director would a movie. The engineer would be more the cameraman of the movie.\" The music producer's job is to create, shape, and mold a piece of music. The scope of responsibility may be one or two songs or an artist's entire album – in which case the producer will typically develop an overall vision for the album and how the various songs may interrelate.
/m/07kc_	The theremin, originally known as the ætherphone/etherphone, thereminophone or termenvox/thereminvox is an early electronic musical instrument controlled without physical contact by the thereminist. It is named after the westernized name of its Russian inventor, Léon Theremin, who patented the device in 1928.\nThe instrument's controlling section usually consists of two metal antennas which sense the relative position of the thereminist's hands and control oscillators for frequency with one hand, and amplitude with the other. The electric signals from the theremin are amplified and sent to a loudspeaker.\nThe theremin was used in movie soundtracks such as Miklós Rózsa's for Spellbound and The Lost Weekend and Bernard Herrmann's for The Day the Earth Stood Still and as the theme tune for the ITV drama Midsomer Murders. This has led to its association with a very eerie sound. Theremins are also used in concert music and in popular music genres such as rock. Psychedelic rock bands in particular, such as Hawkwind, have often used the theremin in their work.
/m/0gjcrrw	I Don't Know How She Does It is a 2011 American comedy film based on Allison Pearson's novel of the same name. The film stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan, and Greg Kinnear.
/m/0gsgr	The Cable News Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. The 24-hour cable news channel was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner. Upon its launch, CNN was the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, and the first all-news television channel in the United States.\nWhile the news channel has numerous affiliates, CNN primarily broadcasts from its headquarters at the CNN Center in Atlanta, the Time Warner Center in New York City, and studios in Washington, D.C., and Los Angeles. CNN is sometimes referred to as CNN/U.S. to distinguish the American channel from its international counterpart, CNN International. As of August 2010, CNN is available in over 100 million U.S. households. Broadcast coverage extends to over 890,000 American hotel rooms, and the U.S. channel is also carried on cable and satellite in Canada. Globally, CNN programming airs through CNN International, which can be seen by viewers in over 212 countries and territories.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 98,496,000 American households receive CNN.
/m/0j7v_	The Commonwealth of Nations, commonly known as the Commonwealth, is an intergovernmental organisation of 53 member states that were mostly territories of the former British Empire. The Commonwealth operates by intergovernmental consensus of the member states, organised through the Commonwealth Secretariat, and non-governmental organisations, organised through the Commonwealth Foundation.\nThe Commonwealth dates back to the mid 20th century with the decolonization of the British Empire through increased self-governance of its territories. It was formally constituted by the London Declaration in 1949, which established the member states as \"free and equal\". The symbol of this free association is Queen Elizabeth II who is the Head of the Commonwealth, a wholly symbolic position. The Queen is also the monarch of 16 members of the Commonwealth, known as realms. The other members of the Commonwealth have different persons as head of state: 32 members are republics and five members are monarchies.\nMember states have no legal obligation one to another. Instead, they are united by language, history, culture, and their shared values of democracy, human rights, and the rule of law. These values are enshrined in the Commonwealth Charter and promoted by the quadrennial Commonwealth Games. On 3 October 2013, after 48 years of membership, the Gambia became the most recent nation to withdraw from the Commonwealth after the United Kingdom condemned human rights abuses in the country.²
/m/03772	George Raymond Richard Martin, sometimes referred to as GRRM, is an American novelist and short story writer in the fantasy, horror, and science fiction genres, as well as a screenwriter and television producer. He is best known for A Song of Ice and Fire, his international bestselling series of epic fantasy novels that HBO adapted for its dramatic series Game of Thrones. Martin serves as the series' co-executive producer, while also scripting one of each season's 10 episodes. Martin was selected by Time magazine as one of the \"2011 Time 100\", a list of the \"most influential people in the world\".
/m/04411	John Dewey was an American philosopher, psychologist, and educational reformer whose ideas have been influential in education and social reform. Dewey is one of the primary figures associated with philosophy of pragmatism and is considered one of the founders of functional psychology. A well-known public intellectual, he was also a major voice of progressive education and liberalism. Although Dewey is known best for his publications concerning education, he also wrote about many other topics, including epistemology, metaphysics, aesthetics, art, logic, social theory, and ethics.\nKnown for his advocacy of democracy, Dewey considered two fundamental elements—schools and civil society—as being major topics needing attention and reconstruction to encourage experimental intelligence and plurality. Dewey asserted that complete democracy was to be obtained not just by extending voting rights but also by ensuring that there exists a fully formed public opinion, accomplished by effective communication among citizens, experts, and politicians, with the latter being accountable for the policies they adopt.
/m/0xzly	Maracas are a native instrument of Latin America. They are percussion instruments, usually played in pairs. Originally, they consist of a dried calabash or gourd shell or coconut shell filled with seeds or dried beans. Today they are also be made of leather, wood, or plastic.\nOften one ball is pitched high, and the other is pitched low. There is evidence of clay maracas used by the natives of Colombia 1500 years ago. The word maraca is thought to have come from the Tupi language of Brazil, where it is pronounced 'ma-ra-KAH'. They are known in Trinidad as shac-shacs. The leather maracas were introduced in 1955 by a Venezuelan percussionist.\nEven if it is a simple instrument, the method of playing the maracas is not obvious. The seeds or dried beans must travel some distance before they hit the leather, wood, or plastic, so the player must anticipate the rhythm. One can also strike the maraca against one's hand or leg to get a different sound. In a radio program that band leader Vincent Lopez hosted in the early 1950s called Shake the Maracas, audience members competed for small prizes by playing the instrument with the orchestra.
/m/01wl38s	Nicholas Edward \"Nick\" Cave is an Australian musician, songwriter, author, screenwriter, composer and occasional film actor.\nHe is best known for his work as a frontman of the critically acclaimed rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, established in 1983, a group known for its eclectic influences and musical styles. Before that, he fronted the group The Birthday Party in the early 1980s, a band renowned for its highly gothic, challenging lyrics and violent sound influenced by post-punk, blues and free jazz. In 2006, he formed the garage rock band Grinderman that released its debut the following year. Cave's music is generally characterised by emotional intensity, a wide variety of influences, and lyrical obsessions with religion, death, love and violence.\nUpon Cave's induction into the ARIA Hall of Fame, ARIA Awards committee chairman Ed St John said, \"Nick Cave has enjoyed—and continues to enjoy—one of the most extraordinary careers in the annals of popular music. He is an Australian artist like Sidney Nolan is an Australian artist—beyond comparison, beyond genre, beyond dispute.\"
/m/09gkx35	The Guard is a 2011 Irish dark comedy film written and directed by John Michael McDonagh, starring Brendan Gleeson, Don Cheadle, Mark Strong and Liam Cunningham. It is the most successful Irish film of all time in terms of Irish box-office receipts, overtaking The Wind that Shakes the Barley which previously held this status.
/m/035tlh	Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity and Foundation is a fraternity with 87 active chapters and 22 colonies and four interest groups. Founded at Yale in 1845, it is the 10th oldest fraternity in the United States.\nThe fraternity practices many traditions. Their Latin motto is, Causa Latet Vis Est Notissima. The fraternity's official symbol is the phoenix, as the phoenix rises from the ashes of its old body, signifying the re-founding of the fraternity in the early 1900s. Due to active expansion efforts, Alpha Sigma Phi continues to offer services and opportunities to over 2,500 undergraduate students and 70,000 living alumni.
/m/02vk52z	The World Bank is a United Nations international financial institution that provides loans to developing countries for capital programs. The World Bank is a component of the World Bank Group, and a member of the United Nations Development Group.\nThe World Bank's official goal is the reduction of poverty. According to its Articles of Agreement, all its decisions must be guided by a commitment to the promotion of foreign investment and international trade and to the facilitation of capital investment.
/m/0f7h2g	Naftuli \"Nathan\" Hertz Juran was an American film art director and film director who along with Richard Day and Thomas Little is most noted for winning the Academy Award for Best Art Direction of a black and white film in 1942 for How Green Was My Valley and for directing science fiction and fantasy films such as Attack of the 50 Foot Woman. He was also the brother of quality guru Joseph M. Juran.
/m/064_8sq	French is a Romance language spoken as a first language in France, the Romandy region in Switzerland, Wallonia and Brussels in Belgium, Monaco, the provinces of Quebec, Ontario and New Brunswick in Canada, the Acadiana region of the U.S. state of Louisiana, the northern parts of the U.S. states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont in the New England region, and by various communities elsewhere. Other speakers of French, who often speak it as a second language, are distributed throughout many parts of the world, the largest numbers of whom reside in Francophone Africa. In Africa, French is most commonly spoken in Gabon, Mauritius, Algeria, Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire. French is estimated as having 110 million native speakers and 190 million more second language speakers.\nFrench is an Italic language descended from the spoken Latin language of the Roman Empire, as are languages such as Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, Romanian, Lombard, Catalan, Sicilian and Sardinian. Its closest relatives are the other langues d'oïl—languages historically spoken in northern France and in Belgium, which French has largely supplanted. French was also influenced by native Celtic languages of Roman Gaul and by the Frankish language of the post-Roman Frankish invaders. Today, owing to France's past overseas expansion, there are numerous French-based creole languages, most notably Haitian.
/m/01gjqb	Indian classical music refers to the art music of the Indian subcontinent. The origins of Indian classical music can be found in the Vedas, which are the oldest scriptures in the Hindu tradition. The Samaveda was derived from the Rigveda so that its hymns could be sung as Samagana. These hymns were sung by Udgatar priests at sacrifices in which the Soma ritual drink, clarified and mixed with milk and other ingredients, was offered in libation to various deities. This chanting style evolved into jatis and eventually into ragas. Indian classical music has also been significantly influenced by, or syncretised with, Indian folk music. Bharat's Natyashastra was the first treatise laying down fundamental principles of dance, music, and drama.\nIndian classical music is both elaborate and expressive. Like Western classical music, it divides the octave into 12 semitones of which the 7 basic notes are, in ascending tonal order, Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Dha Ni Sa for Hindustani music and Sa Ri Ga Ma Pa Da Ni Sa for Carnatic music, similar to Western music's Do Re Mi Fa Sol La Ti Do. However, Indian music uses just-intonation tuning, unlike most modern Western classical music, which uses the equal-temperament tuning system. Also, unlike modern Western classical music, Indian classical music places great emphasis on improvisation.
/m/0dwr4	The xylophone is a musical instrument in the percussion family that consists of wooden bars struck by mallets. Each bar is an idiophone tuned to a pitch of a musical scale, whether pentatonic or heptatonic in the case of many African and Asian instruments, diatonic in many western children's instruments, or chromatic for orchestral use.\nThe term xylophone may be used generally, to include all such instruments, such as the marimba, balafon and even the semantron. In the orchestra, the term xylophone refers specifically to a chromatic instrument of somewhat higher pitch range than the marimba.\nThe term is also popularly used to refer to similar instruments of the lithophone and metallophone types. For example, the Pixiphone and many similar toys described by the makers as xylophones have bars of metal rather than of wood, and so are in organology regarded as a glockenspiels rather than as xylophones. This misnomer was also popularised by the Sooty show, in which the metal-barred instrument he plays is always described as a xylophone.
/m/0khth	Wilco is an American alternative rock band based in Chicago, Illinois. The band was formed in 1994 by the remaining members of alternative country group Uncle Tupelo following singer Jay Farrar's departure. Wilco's lineup changed frequently during its first decade, with only singer Jeff Tweedy and bassist John Stirratt remaining from the original incarnation. Since early 2004, the lineup has been unchanged, consisting of Tweedy, Stirratt, guitarist Nels Cline, multi-instrumentalist Pat Sansone, keyboard player Mikael Jorgensen, and drummer Glenn Kotche. Wilco has released eight studio albums, a live double album, and four collaborations: three with Billy Bragg and one with The Minus 5.\nWilco's music has been inspired by a wide variety of artists and styles, including Bill Fay, The Beatles and Television, and has in turn influenced music by a number of modern alternative rock acts. The band continued in the alternative country of Uncle Tupelo on its debut album A.M., but has since introduced more experimental aspects to their music, including elements of alternative rock and classic pop. Wilco's musical style has evolved from a 1990's country rock sound to a current \"eclectic indie rock collective that touches on many eras and genres.\"
/m/046rfv	Meena Durairaj, mononymously known as Meena, is an Indian actress who has starred as a lead heroine in the South Indian film industry. She started her career as a child artist at the age of four in 1982 and acted in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and several Hindi films. She is one of the most established actresses in the South Indian film industry. In addition to acting, Meena is a model, singer, dancer, TV host and occasional dubbing artiste.
/m/081pw	World War II, also known as the Second World War, was a global war. It is generally considered to have lasted from 1939 to 1945, although some conflicts in Asia that are commonly viewed as becoming part of the world war had begun earlier than 1939. It involved the vast majority of the world's nations—including all of the great powers—eventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people, from more than 30 different countries. In a state of \"total war\", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust and the first use of nuclear weapons in combat, it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.\nThe Empire of Japan aimed to dominate East Asia and was already at war with the Republic of China in 1937, but the world war is generally said to have begun on 1 September 1939 with the invasion of Poland by Germany and subsequent declarations of war on Germany by France and the United Kingdom. From late 1939 to early 1941, in a series of campaigns and treaties, Germany formed the Axis alliance with Italy, conquering or subduing much of continental Europe. Following the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories between themselves of their European neighbours, including Poland, Finland and the Baltic states. The United Kingdom and the other members of the British Commonwealth were the only major Allied forces continuing the fight against the Axis, with battles taking place in North and East Africa as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic. In June 1941, the European Axis launched an invasion of the Soviet Union, giving a start to the largest land theatre of war in history, which tied down the major part of the Axis' military forces for the rest of the war. In December 1941, Japan joined the Axis, attacked the United States and European territories in the Pacific Ocean, and quickly conquered much of the Western Pacific.
/m/08jcfy	The Principal is the chief executive and the chief academic officer of a university or college in certain parts of the Commonwealth.
/m/02g2yr	The Saturn Award for Best Actress is one of the annual awards given by the American professional organization, the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films. The Saturn Awards are the oldest film-specialized awards to reward science fiction, fantasy, and horror achievements and included the Best Actress category for the first time for the 1974 film year.\nThe Saturn Award for Best Actress is the oldest prize to reward actresses in science fiction, fantasy, and horror films: other awards such as the Academy and Golden Globe Awards, despite supposedly disregarding the genre, gave little recognition to acting quality at the time. In 1996 the Saturns began to reward both film and television acting, and created the Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television. For the first two years it was awarded there were no nominees announced.\nThe actresses with the most nominations are Jodie Foster, Natalie Portman, Naomi Watts and Sigourney Weaver, who are all tied with five. Foster, Portman and Watts also have the most wins, with two each.
/m/0zqq	The Canton of Aargau is one of the more northerly cantons of Switzerland. It is situated by the lower course of the River Aare, which is why the canton is called Aar-gau. It is one of the most densely populated regions of Switzerland.
/m/0308kx	Steven Bradford Culp is an American film and television actor. He is known for his roles as Rex Van de Kamp on ABC's Desperate Housewives, Clayton Webb on JAG, and Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Jeff Haffley on NBC's The West Wing.
/m/01vh3r	Rupert James Hector Everett is an English actor. He first came to public attention in 1981, when he was cast in Julian Mitchell's play and subsequent film Another Country as an openly gay pupil at an English public school in the 1930s. He has since appeared in many other films, including My Best Friend's Wedding, An Ideal Husband, The Next Best Thing and the Shrek sequels.
/m/026cl_m	Time 100 is an annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world assembled by the American news magazine Time. First published in 1999 as the result of a debate among American academics, politicians and journalists, the list is now an annual event. Although appearing on the list is frequently mistaken as an honor, Time makes it clear that entrants are recognized for changing the world, regardless of the consequences of their actions.
/m/07b2lv	Olivia Haigh Williams is an English film, stage and television actress who has appeared in British and American films and television series.
/m/01jbx1	Tyra Lynne Banks is an American television personality, producer, author, actress and former model. She first became famous as a model, appearing twice on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue and working for Victoria's Secret as one of their original Angels. Banks is the creator and host of the UPN/The CW reality television show America's Next Top Model, co-creator of True Beauty, and was the host of her own talk show, The Tyra Banks Show.\nBanks is one of four African Americans and seven women to have repeatedly ranked among the world's most influential people by Time magazine.
/m/03clrng	N. Gail Lawrence is an American television soap opera writer. She has written for soaps for nearly 24 years.
/m/01_d4	Chicago is the third most populous city in the United States, after New York City and Los Angeles. With 2.7 million residents, it is the most populous city in both the U.S. state of Illinois and the American Midwest. Its metropolitan area, sometimes called Chicagoland, is home to 9.5 million people and is the third-largest in the United States. Chicago is the seat of Cook County, although a small part of the city extends into DuPage County.\nChicago was incorporated as a city in 1837, near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed, and experienced rapid growth in the mid-nineteenth century. Today, the city is an international hub for finance, commerce, industry, technology, telecommunications, and transportation, with O'Hare International Airport being the second-busiest airport in the world; it also has the largest number of U.S. highways, and railroad freight entering its region. In 2010, Chicago was listed as an alpha+ global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network, and ranks seventh in the world in the 2012 Global Cities Index. As of 2012, Chicago had the third largest gross metropolitan product in the United States, after the New York City and Los Angeles metropolitan areas, at a sum of US$571 billion.
/m/04wp3s	Sam Rockwell is an American actor known for his leading roles in Lawn Dogs, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Matchstick Men, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Choke, Moon and Seven Psychopaths, as well as for his supporting roles in The Green Mile, Galaxy Quest, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, Frost/Nixon, Conviction, Cowboys & Aliens, Iron Man 2, and The Way Way Back.
/m/017f3m	Law & Order is an American police procedural and legal drama television series, created by Dick Wolf and part of the Law & Order franchise. It originally aired on NBC and, in syndication, on various cable networks. Law & Order premiered on September 13, 1990, and completed its 20th and final season on May 24, 2010. At the time of its cancellation, Law & Order was the longest-running crime drama on American primetime television. Its record of 20 seasons is a tie with Gunsmoke for the longest-running live-action scripted American prime-time series with ongoing characters, although it had fewer episodes than Gunsmoke, and both series are surpassed by the animated series The Simpsons.\nSet and filmed in New York City, the series follows a two-part approach: The first half hour is the investigation of a crime and apprehension of a suspect by New York City Police Department homicide detectives; the second half is the prosecution of the defendant by the New York County Manhattan District Attorney's Office. Plots are often based on real cases that recently made headlines, although the motivation for the crime and the perpetrator may be different.
/m/02w9k1c	The Duchess is a 2008 British-American drama film directed by Saul Dibb. It is based on Amanda Foreman's biography of the 18th-century English aristocrat Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire. It was released in September 2008 in the UK.
/m/024_dt	The Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance has been awarded since 1961. There have been several minor changes to the name of the award over this time:\nIn 1961 the award was known as Best Classical Performance - Choral\nFrom 1962 to 1964 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Choral\nIn 1965, 1969, 1971, 1977 to 1978 and 1982 to 1991 it was awarded as Best Choral Performance\nFrom 1966 to 1968 it was awarded as Best Classical Choral Performance\nIn 1970, 1973 to 1976 and 1979 to 1981 it was awarded as Best Choral Performance, Classical\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best Choral Performance - Classical\nFrom 1992 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Performance of a Choral Work\n1995 to the present the award has been known as Best Choral Performance\nPrior to 1961 the awards for opera and choral performances were combined into a single award for Best Classical Performance, Operatic or Choral\nAwards are given to the choral conductor and to the orchestra conductor if an orchestra is on the recording, and to the choral director or chorus master if applicable. The choir and/or the orchestra do not receive an award.
/m/065dc4	The Da Vinci Code is a 2006 American mystery-thriller film produced by John Calley and Brian Grazer and directed by Ron Howard. The screenplay was written by Akiva Goldsman and adapted from Dan Brown's 2003 best-selling novel of the same name. The film stars Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou, Ian McKellen, Alfred Molina, Jürgen Prochnow, Jean Reno, and Paul Bettany.\nIn the film, the protagonist, Robert Langdon, a professor of religious iconography and symbology from Harvard University, is the prime suspect in the grisly and unusual murder of Louvre curator Jacques Saunière. He escapes with the assistance of a police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, and they are embroiled in a quest for the legendary Holy Grail. He is pursued by a dogged French police captain, Bezu Fache. A noted British Grail historian, Sir Leigh Teabing, tells them the actual Holy Grail is explicitly encoded in Leonardo da Vinci's wall painting, the Last Supper. Also searching for the Grail is a secret cabal within Opus Dei, an actual prelature of the Holy See, who wishes to keep the true Grail a secret; the revelation of this secret would certainly destroy Christianity.\nThe film, like the book, was considered controversial. It was met with especially harsh criticism by the Roman Catholic Church for the accusation that it is behind a two-thousand-year-old coverup concerning what the Holy Grail really is and the concept that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were married and that the union produced a daughter. Many members urged the laity to boycott the film. Two organizations, the Priory of Sion and Opus Dei figure prominently in the story. In the book, Dan Brown insists that the Priory of Sion and \"...all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate\".
/m/018db8	Joaquin Rafael Phoenix, formerly credited as Leaf Phoenix, is an American actor, music video director, producer, musician, and social activist who started his career as a child actor and came to wide attention for his portrayal of Commodus in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator, directed by Ridley Scott, which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor as well as nominations for the Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Award, and BAFTA Award.\nHe received wider recognition for his portrayal of musician Johnny Cash in the 2005 biographical film Walk the Line. His performance earned him several accolades and nominations, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actor,Screen Actors Guild and BAFTA Award. He received his third Academy Award nomination for his critically acclaimed performance in the 2012 film The Master as well as his third nomination for a Golden Globe Award and BAFTA Award. In 2013, he received his fourth nomination for the Golden Globe Award in the category Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, for his role as Theodore Twombly in Spike Jonze's film Her.
/m/0jm64	The Atlanta Hawks are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta, Georgia. They are part of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. They play their home games at Philips Arena in Downtown Atlanta.\nTheir origins can be traced to the establishment of the Buffalo Bisons in 1946, a member of the National Basketball League. After 13 games of their inaugural season, the team moved to Moline, Illinois and became the Tri-Cities Blackhawks. In 1949, they joined the National Basketball Association as part of the National Basketball League and the Basketball Association of America merger. In 1951, the team moved to Milwaukee, where they changed their name to the Hawks. The team moved again in 1955 to St. Louis, where they won their only NBA Championship in 1958. The Hawks moved to Atlanta in 1968, where they have been ever since.\nThe Hawks currently own the second-longest run of not winning an NBA title at 54 years. All the franchise's NBA Finals appearances and lone NBA championship took place when the team resided in St. Louis. Meanwhile, since the elimination of first-round byes in 1967, they have not advanced beyond the second round in any playoff format. Much of the failure they've experienced in the postseason can be traced back to their poor history in the NBA draft. Since 1980, the Hawks have drafted only three players who have been chosen to play in an All-Star game. Horford is the only All-Star Hawk to have been drafted since Willis was selected in 1984, and is also the only first-rounder the Hawks selected in their nine-year playoff drought to play in an NBA All-Star Game.
/m/03ln8b	Desperate Housewives is an American television comedy-drama-mystery series created by Marc Cherry and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions. It aired Sundays at 9 P.M. Eastern/8 P.M. Central, on ABC from October 3, 2004, until May 13, 2012. Executive producer Cherry served as showrunner. Other executive producers since the fourth season included Bob Daily, George W. Perkins, John Pardee, Joey Murphy, David Grossman, and Larry Shaw.\nThe main setting of the show was Wisteria Lane, a street in the fictional American town of 'Fairview' in the fictional 'Eagle State'. The show followed the lives of a group of women as seen through the eyes of a dead neighbor who committed suicide in the very first episode. The storyline covers thirteen years of the women's lives over eight seasons, set between the years 2004–2008, and later 2013–2017. They worked through domestic struggles and family life, while facing the secrets, crimes and mysteries hidden behind the doors of their — at the surface — beautiful and seemingly perfect suburban neighborhood.\nThe show featured an ensemble cast, headed by Teri Hatcher as Susan Mayer, Felicity Huffman as Lynette Scavo, Marcia Cross as Bree Van de Kamp, and Eva Longoria as Gabrielle Solis. Brenda Strong narrated the show as the deceased Mary Alice Young, appearing sporadically in flashbacks or dream sequences.
/m/016tt2	Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation —also known as 20th Century Fox, or 20th Century Fox Pictures, is one of the six major American film studios as of 2011. Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles, just west of Beverly Hills, the studio used to be a subsidiary of News Corporation, but now it is currently a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.\nThe company was founded on May 31, 1935, as the result of the merger of Fox Film Corporation, founded by William Fox in 1915, and Twentieth Century Pictures, founded in 1933 by Darryl F. Zanuck and Joseph M. Schenck.\n20th Century Fox has distributed various commercially successful film series, including Star Wars, Ice Age, X-Men, Die Hard, Planet of the Apes, Fantastic Four, Alien and Predator. Television series produced by Fox include The Simpsons, M*A*S*H, The X-Files, Family Guy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, How I Met Your Mother, Glee, Modern Family and 24. Among the most famous actresses to come out of this studio were Shirley Temple, who was 20th Century Fox's first film star, Betty Grable, Gene Tierney, Marilyn Monroe and Jayne Mansfield. The studio also contracted the first African-American cinema star, Dorothy Dandridge.
/m/0l6ny	The 1984 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Los Angeles, California, United States in 1984. When Tehran, the only other interested city on the international level, declined to bid due to the concurrent Iranian political and social changes the IOC awarded Los Angeles the Games by default. This was the second occasion Los Angeles hosted the games; it previously hosted in 1932.\nIn response to the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, 14 Eastern Bloc countries including the Soviet Union, Cuba and East Germany boycotted the Games. For differing reasons, Iran and Libya also boycotted. The USSR announced its intention not to participate on May 8, 1984, citing security concerns and \"chauvinistic sentiments and an anti-Soviet hysteria being whipped up in the United States.\". Boycotting countries organized another large event in June–September 1984, called the Friendship Games; however, not even a single competition was held between July 28 and August 12. Representatives of the organizing countries, in particular the USSR, underlined it was \"not held to replace the Olympics\". Elite athletes from the U.S. and USSR would only compete against each other at the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow, organized in response to the boycotts.
/m/0bq4j6	Alex Gibney is an American documentary film director and producer. In 2010, Esquire magazine said Gibney \"is becoming the most important documentarian of our time\".\nHis works as director include We Steal Secrets: The Story of Wikileaks, Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence in the House of God, Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room; Client 9: The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer; Casino Jack and the United States of Money; and Taxi to the Dark Side, focusing on an innocent taxi driver in Afghanistan who was tortured and killed at Bagram Air Force Base in 2002.
/m/01vh18t	Ossie Davis was an American film, television and Broadway actor, director, poet, playwright, author, and social activist.
/m/01xndd	Jeffrey Jacob \"J. J.\" Abrams is an American film and television producer, screenwriter, director, actor and composer. He is well known for his work in the genres of action, drama, and science fiction.\nAbrams wrote and produced feature films before co-creating the television series Felicity. He also created Alias and co-created Lost, Fringe, Undercovers and produced the television series Person of Interest, Revolution and Almost Human, among others.\nHis directorial film work includes two Star Trek films; Star Trek and Star Trek Into Darkness, along with Mission: Impossible III and Super 8. He will also direct Star Wars Episode VII, the first film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. Abrams produced the films Cloverfield, Morning Glory, and Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol. He also played a role in the film Six Degrees of Separation.\nMany of the films he has directed or produced are distributed by Paramount Pictures, while his television series were co-produced by either Warner Bros. Television or Touchstone Television. Abrams' frequent creative collaborators include writers Alex Kurtzman & Roberto Orci, composer Michael Giacchino, cinematographers Daniel Mindel & Larry Fong, and editors Maryann Brandon & Mary Jo Markey.
/m/0dvld	Kate Elizabeth Winslet, CBE, is an English actress and singer. She was the youngest person to acquire six Academy Award nominations, and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for The Reader. She has won awards from the Screen Actors Guild, British Academy of Film and Television Arts, and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association among others, and has been nominated twice for an Emmy Award for television acting, winning once for her performance in the 2011 miniseries Mildred Pierce, in which she played the title role. In 2012 she received the Honorary César Award.\nBrought up in Berkshire, Winslet studied drama from childhood, and began her career in British television in 1991. She made her film debut in Heavenly Creatures, for which she received her first notable critical praise. She achieved recognition for her subsequent work in a supporting role in Sense and Sensibility and for her leading role in Titanic, the highest-grossing film in the world at the time.\nSince 2000, Winslet's performances have continued to draw positive comments from film critics, and she has been nominated for various awards for her work in such films as Quills, Iris, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Finding Neverland, Little Children, The Reader and Revolutionary Road. Her performance in the last of these prompted New York magazine critic David Edelstein to describe her as \"the best English-speaking film actress of her generation\". The romantic comedy The Holiday and the animated film Flushed Away are among the biggest commercial successes of her career.
/m/01br2w	The Passion of the Christ is a 2004 American drama film directed by Mel Gibson and starring Jim Caviezel as Jesus Christ. It depicts the Passion of Jesus largely according to the New Testament Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. It also draws on other devotional writings, such as those disputedly attributed to Anne Catherine Emmerich.\nThe film covers the final 12 hours of Jesus' life, beginning with the Agony in the Garden and ending with a brief depiction of his resurrection. Flashbacks of Jesus as a child and as a young man with Mary his mother, giving the Sermon on the Mount, teaching the Twelve Apostles, and at the Last Supper are some of the images depicted. The dialogue is entirely in reconstructed Aramaic and Latin with vernacular subtitles.\nThe film has been highly controversial and received mixed reviews, with some critics claiming that the extreme violence in the movie \"obscures its message.\" Catholic sources have questioned the authenticity of the non-biblical material the film drew on. The film, however, was a major commercial hit, grossing in excess of $600 million during its theatrical release, becoming the highest grossing R-rated film in United States and highest grossing non-English-language film of all time.
/m/06y9c2	Peter Lewis Kingston \"Pete\" Wentz III is an American musician best known for being the bassist and primary lyricist for the American rock band Fall Out Boy. Since the announcement of Fall Out Boy's temporary hiatus in 2009, Wentz has formed the experimental electropop/dubstep group Black Cards. He owns a record label, Decaydance Records, which has signed bands such as Panic! at the Disco and Gym Class Heroes.\nWentz has also ventured into other non-musical projects, including writing, acting, and fashion; in 2005 he founded a clothing company called Clandestine Industries. He also runs a film production company called Bartskull Films, as well as a bar called Angels & Kings. His philanthropic activities include collaborations with Invisible Children, Inc. and UNICEF's Tap Project, a fundraising project that helps bring clean drinking water to people worldwide. People magazine states that \"[n]o bassist has upstaged a frontman as well as Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy.\"
/m/06151l	Freddy Rodriguez is an American actor known for playing the characters Hector Federico \"Rico\" Diaz on HBO's Six Feet Under and El Wray in Robert Rodriguez's Planet Terror. In 2007 he was a recurring cast member on the series Ugly Betty as Giovanni \"Gio\" Rossi.
/m/024_vw	Charles Bernard \"Charlie\" Rangel is the U.S. Representative for New York's 13th congressional district. A member of the Democratic Party, he is the third-longest currently serving member of the House of Representatives, serving consistently since 1971. As its most senior member, he is also the Dean of New York's congressional delegation. Rangel was the first African-American Chair of the influential House Ways and Means Committee. He is also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus.\nRangel was born in Harlem in New York City. He earned a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star for his service in the U.S. Army during the Korean War, where he led a group of soldiers out of a deadly Chinese Army encirclement during the Battle of Kunu-ri in 1950. Rangel graduated from New York University in 1957, and St. John's University School of Law in 1960. He then worked as a private lawyer, Assistant U.S. Attorney, and legal counsel during the early-mid-1960s. He served two terms in the New York State Assembly, from 1967 to 1971, and then defeated long-time incumbent Congressman Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. in a primary challenge on his way to being elected to the House of Representatives.
/m/06bd5j	Basic Instinct 2, is a 2006 erotic thriller film and the sequel to 1992's Basic Instinct. The film was directed by Michael Caton-Jones and produced by Mario Kassar, Joel B. Michaels, and Andrew G. Vajna. The screenplay was by Leora Barish and Henry Bean. It stars Sharon Stone, who reprises her role of Catherine Tramell from the original, and David Morrissey. The film is an international co-production of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and Spain.\nThe film follows novelist and suspected serial killer Catherine Tramell, who is once again in trouble with the authorities. Scotland Yard appoints psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass to evaluate her after a man in Tramell's presence dies. As with Detective Nick Curran in the first film, Glass becomes a victim of Tramell's seductive games.\nAfter being in development hell for a number of years, the film was shot in London from April to August 2005, and was released on 31 March 2006. After numerous cuts, it was released with an R rating for \"strong sexuality, nudity, violence, language, and some drug content.\" The film was not as well received as its predecessor and fell short of commercial expectations. Compared to its predecessor, Basic Instinct 2 is lighter in nature, but still contains graphic violence and sex.
/m/0289q	The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Colorado. They are members of the West Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The Broncos began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League and joined the NFL as part of the AFL–NFL merger of 1970. The Broncos are owned by Pat Bowlen, and are coached by John Fox. The Broncos have played at Sports Authority Field at Mile High since 2001, after previously playing at Mile High Stadium from 1960–2000.\nThe Broncos were barely competitive during their 10-year run in the AFL and their first seven years in the NFL, never making the playoffs. They did not have a winning season until 1973. Four years later, in 1977, they made the playoffs for the first time in franchise history and advanced to Super Bowl XII. Since then, the Broncos have become one of the NFL's more successful teams, having suffered only six losing seasons in 35 years. They have won seven AFC Championships and two Super Bowls, and have four players in the Pro Football Hall of Fame: John Elway, Floyd Little, Gary Zimmerman, and Shannon Sharpe.
/m/01qgry	Booker T. Jones is an American multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, record producer and arranger, best known as the frontman of the band Booker T. & the M.G.'s. He has also worked in the studios with many well-known artists of the 20th and 21st centuries, earning him a Grammy Award for lifetime achievement.
/m/0fr0t	Tucson is a city in and the county seat of Pima County, Arizona, United States, and home to the University of Arizona. The 2010 United States Census puts the city's population at 520,116, while the 2012 estimated population of the entire Tucson metropolitan area was 992,394. The Tucson MSA forms part of the larger Tucson-Nogales combined statistical area, with a total population of 980,263 as of the 2010 Census. Tucson is the second-largest populated city in Arizona behind Phoenix, which both anchor the Arizona Sun Corridor. The city is located 108 miles southeast of Phoenix and 60 mi north of the U.S.-Mexico border. Tucson is the 33rd largest city and the 52nd largest metropolitan area in the United States. Roughly 150 Tucson companies are involved in the design and manufacture of optics and optoelectronics systems, earning Tucson the nickname Optics Valley.\nMajor incorporated suburbs of Tucson include Oro Valley and Marana northwest of the city, Sahuarita south of the city, and South Tucson in an enclave south of downtown. Communities in the vicinity of Tucson include Casas Adobes, Catalina Foothills, Flowing Wells, Tanque Verde, Tortolita, and Vail. Towns outside the Tucson metro area include Benson to the southeast, Catalina and Oracle to the north, and Green Valley to the south.
/m/0l14j_	The flute is a musical instrument of the woodwind family. Unlike woodwind instruments with reeds, a flute is an aerophone or reedless wind instrument that produces its sound from the flow of air across an opening. According to the instrument classification of Hornbostel–Sachs, flutes are categorized as edge-blown aerophones.\nA musician who plays the flute can be referred to as a flute player, a flautist, a flutist, or, less commonly, a fluter. The term flutenist, found in English up to the 18th century, is no longer used.\nAside from the voice, flutes are the earliest known musical instruments. A number of flutes dating to about 43,000 to 35,000 years ago have been found in the Swabian Alb region of Germany. These flutes demonstrate that a developed musical tradition existed from the earliest period of modern human presence in Europe.
/m/0c5vh	Melvin Jerome \"Mel\" Blanc was an American voice actor and comedian. Although he began his more than six-decade-long career performing in radio, Blanc is best remembered for his work with Warner Bros. as the voices of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Tweety Bird, Sylvester the Cat, Yosemite Sam, Foghorn Leghorn, Marvin the Martian, Pepé Le Pew, Speedy Gonzales, Wile E. Coyote, the Tasmanian Devil and many of the other characters from the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies theatrical short films, during the \"Golden age of American animation\".\nHe later worked for Hanna-Barbera's television productions, most notably as the voices of Barney Rubble in The Flintstones and Mr. Spacely in The Jetsons. Blanc was also a regular performer on The Jack Benny Program in both its radio and television formats, and was the original voice of Woody Woodpecker for Universal Pictures.\nHaving earned the nickname \"The Man of a Thousand Voices\", Blanc is regarded as one of the most influential people in the voice acting industry.
/m/02f705	The MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist is one of the four original general categories that have been given out since the first annual MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. From then to 2006, the award was named Best New Artist in a Video; in 2007 its name was changed to Best New Artist, as the category underwent a format change to award the artist's body of work for the full year rather than a specific video. For the 2008 ceremony, though, while the award retained its 2007 name, it returned to the format of awarding a specific video rather than the artist's full body of work. The category was later renamed Artist to Watch for the 2013 ceremony while still keeping the format of an award going to a certain video. This award is often poked fun at as the \"Death Award\", as it represented the peak of some winners' careers. Five artists who won the award were technically ineligible since the winning song did not come off of their respective debut records. Justin Bieber is the youngest artist so far to win this award or any Video Music Award at the age of 16. Only three artists have won the VMA for Best New Artist and also the Grammy Award for Best New Artist: Alicia Keys, Hootie & The Blowfish and Maroon 5.
/m/07m9cm	Tilman Valentin \"Til\" Schweiger is a German actor, director, and producer. He is one of Germany's most successful filmmakers. Since 1968, when the FFA started counting, no other German actor has drawn more people to the cinemas. He runs his own production company, Barefoot Films, in Berlin.
/m/01771z	Cobra is a 1986 American action film directed by George P. Cosmatos, and written by Sylvester Stallone, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Reni Santoni, Brigitte Nielsen and Andrew Robinson. The film received negative reviews, with the overuse of genre tropes criticized, yet it debuted at the number one spot on the U.S. box office.\nThe screenplay by Stallone was originally written for the film Beverly Hills Cop. It was loosely based on the novel Fair Game by Paula Gosling, which was later filmed under that title in 1995. He had wanted to make a less comedic, more action-oriented film. When he left that project, Eddie Murphy was brought in to play the lead role.
/m/06ls0l	Aarhus Gymnastikforening is one of the oldest sport clubs in Denmark. As the name also reveal, the club was founded in 1880, mainly with Gymnastics but also Fencing as the main sports, though AGF later introduced a variety of other activities in both individual and team sports.\nAGF is best known for its Association football team which was introduced in 1902 and has the longest streak in the Danish top division and also holds the record for most number of cup wins. However, the club struggled with poor results and a string of bad management decisions after its impressive 1995–96 season, which eventually lead to relegation from the Superliga in 2005–06 and again in 2009–10, though both times securing a quick return to top-flight level. The club currently plays in the top-tier of the league system, the Danish Superliga.\nAGF has twice reached the quarter-final stage in European Cups: In 1961, losing to S.L. Benfica in the European Champion Clubs' Cup, and in 1989, losing to FC Barcelona in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. AGF has played a total of 52 matches in European Cups: 18 matches in the former European Champions' Cup, 18 in the Cup-Winners’ Cup, 14 in the UEFA Cup and two preliminary round matches for the UEFA Cup. In the 2011–12 season AGF qualified for European football for the first time in 15 years. They will begin their campaign in the second qualifying round of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League.
/m/0pqzh	Rodman E. \"Rod\" Serling was an American screenwriter, playwright, television producer, and narrator best known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science fiction anthology TV series, The Twilight Zone. Serling was active in politics, both on and off the screen, and helped form television industry standards. He was known as the \"angry young man\" of Hollywood, clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues including censorship, racism, and war.
/m/0b6l1st	The Losers is a 2010 American action comedy film based on the adaptation of the Vertigo comic book series of the same name by Andy Diggle and Jock. Directed by Sylvain White, the film features an ensemble cast that includes Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Zoe Saldana. It was filmed in Arecibo, Caja de Muertos, Canóvanas, Hato Rey, Piñones, Rio Grande, San Juan and Santurce in Puerto Rico, Brickell Key, Miami and South Beach in the state of Florida.\nThe film received mixed reviews from critics and drew comparisons to The A-Team, a remake of which was released shortly after The Losers premiered.
/m/042kbj	Samuel Grosvenor \"Sam\" Wood was an American film director, and producer, who was best known for directing such Hollywood hits as A Night at the Opera, A Day at the Races, Goodbye, Mr. Chips, and The Pride of the Yankees. He was also involved in a few acting and writing projects.
/m/0143wl	Timothy Peter Dalton is a British actor of film and television. Dalton is known for portraying James Bond in The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill, as well as Rhett Butler in the television miniseries Scarlett, an original sequel to Gone with the Wind.
/m/02krdz	Freddy Got Fingered is a 2001 American comedy film directed, co-written by and starring Tom Green. The film follows Green as Gordon \"Gord\" Brody, a 28-year-old slacker who wishes to become a professional cartoonist. The film's plot resembles Green's struggles as a young man trying to get his TV series picked up, which would later become the popular MTV show The Tom Green Show.\nThe film was critically panned at the time of its release, many considering it one of the worst films of all time. It won 5 Golden Raspberry Awards out of 8 nominations, as well as a Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Worst Picture. The film received a cult following, and was also met with more positive praise over time, most notably from The New York Times, Metacritic, IFC.com and Splitsider. Despite performing poorly at the box office, the film became a financial success by selling millions of copies on DVD.
/m/01yjl	The Chicago Cubs are a professional baseball team located in Chicago, Illinois, USA. They are members of the Central Division of Major League Baseball's National League. The Cubs are one of the two remaining charter members of the National League and one of two active major league clubs based in Chicago, the other being the Chicago White Sox of the American League. The team is currently owned by Thomas S. Ricketts, who succeeds the previous owner of the Cubs. Tom Ricketts is the son of Joe Ricketts, the founder of TD Ameritrade.\nThe Cubs have not won the World Series in 105 years, the longest championship drought of any major North American professional sports team, and are often referred to as the \"Lovable Losers\" because of this distinction. They are also known as \"The North Siders\" because Wrigley Field, their home park since 1916, is located in Chicago's north side Lake View community at 1060 West Addison Street.\nThe club played its first games in 1870 as the Chicago White Stockings. This makes the Cubs who were founded in 1871, the oldest active baseball team continuously existing in the same city for their entire history.
/m/01h7xx	The Thirtieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1847 to March 4, 1849, during the last two years of the administration of President James K. Polk. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. The Senate had a Democratic majority, and the House had a Whig majority. It was the only Congress in which Abraham Lincoln served.
/m/0bs0bh	The Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, to actors for quality supporting roles in a Broadway play. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the Tony Award Productions, a joint venture of The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing, to \"honor the best performances and stage productions of the previous year.\"\nOriginally called the Tony Award for Actor, Supporting or Featured, the award was first presented to Arthur Kennedy at the 3rd Tony Awards for his portrayal of Biff Loman in Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman. Before 1956, nominees' names were not made public; the change was made by the awards committee to \"have a greater impact on theatregoers\". In 1976, when the award's name changed to its current title, Edward Herrmann, portraying Frank Gardner in George Bernard Shaw's Mrs. Warren's Profession, won the award. Its most recent recipient is Christian Borle for the role of Black Stache in Peter and the Starcatcher.\nFrank Langella holds the record for having the most wins in this category with a total of two; he is the only person to win the award more than once. Richard Roma in Glengarry Glen Ross and Phil Hogan in A Moon for the Misbegotten are the only characters to take the award multiple times, both winning twice. A supporting actor in each of Neil Simon's Eugene trilogy plays has taken the Tony, whereas featured actors in both parts of Tony Kushner's Angels in America series have also won the award.
/m/0jvt9	How the West Was Won is a 1962 American Metrocolor epic-Western film. The picture was one of the last \"old-fashioned\" epic films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to enjoy great success. Set between 1839 and 1889, it follows four generations of a family as they move ever westward, from western New York state to the Pacific Ocean. The picture was filmed in the curved-screen three-projector Cinerama process.\nThe fundamental idea behind the film was to provide an episodic retelling of the progress of westward migration and development of America. It was inspired by a much longer and more complex series of historical narratives that appeared as a photo essay series, by the same name, three years earlier in Life magazine, which is acknowledged in the film’s credits.\nThe all-star cast includes Carroll Baker, Walter Brennan, Lee J. Cobb, Andy Devine, Henry Fonda, Carolyn Jones, Karl Malden, Harry Morgan, Gregory Peck, George Peppard, Robert Preston, Debbie Reynolds, James Stewart, Eli Wallach, John Wayne, and Richard Widmark. The film is narrated by Spencer Tracy.\nThe movie consists of five segments, three directed by Henry Hathaway, and one each by John Ford and George Marshall, with transitional sequences by the uncredited Richard Thorpe. The screenplay was written by John Gay and James R. Webb. Popular western author Louis L'Amour wrote a novelization of the screenplay.
/m/02cj_f	George Henry Sanders was an English film and television actor, singer-songwriter, music composer, and author. His heavy English accent and bass voice often led him to be cast as sophisticated but villainous characters. He is perhaps best known as Jack Favell in Rebecca, Addison DeWitt in All About Eve, King Richard the Lionheart in King Richard and the Crusaders, and the voice of the malevolent man-hating tiger Shere Khan in Disney's The Jungle Book. His career spanned more than 40 years.
/m/06czyr	Sara Elena Ramirez is a Mexican singer/songwriter and actress. She is known for her role as Dr. Callie Torres in the medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and as the original Lady of the Lake in the 2005 Broadway musical Spamalot, for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
/m/0137g1	Beck Hansen, known by the stage name Beck, is an American musician, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Beck rose to fame in the early 1990s with his lo-fi, sonically experimental style, and he became well known for creating musical collages of a wide range of styles. His later recordings encompass folk, funk, soul, hip hop, alternative rock, country and psychedelia. Beck has released ten studio albums, as well as several non-album singles and a book of sheet music.\nBorn in Los Angeles in 1970, Beck discovered hip hop and folk music in his teens and began to perform locally at coffeehouses and clubs. He moved to New York City in 1989 and became involved in the city's small but intense anti-folk movement. After returning to his hometown in the early 1990s, he cut his breakthrough single \"Loser\", which became a worldwide hit in 1994. His 1996 release Odelay produced hit singles, topped critic polls and won several awards. He released the stripped-down Mutations in 1998, and the funk-infused Midnite Vultures in 1999. The downcast, acoustic Sea Change showcased a more serious Beck, and 2005's Guero returned to sample-based production. The Information was inspired by hip hop, and Modern Guilt, likewise, by 1960s music. In February 2014, Beck released the album Morning Phase.
/m/014kkm	The Bad and the Beautiful is a 1952 MGM melodramatic film that tells the story of a film producer who alienates all around him. It stars Lana Turner, Kirk Douglas, Walter Pidgeon, Dick Powell, Barry Sullivan, Gloria Grahame and Gilbert Roland. The film was directed by Vincente Minnelli and written by George Bradshaw and Charles Schnee.\nThe Bad and the Beautiful holds the record for most Oscars won by a movie -- five -- that was not nominated for Best Picture. It was screened within the official program of Venice Film Festival.\nIn 2002, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film \"culturally significant\" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry. The song, \"The Bad and the Beautiful\", penned by David Raksin, has since become a jazz standard.
/m/04rrd	Maryland is a U.S. state located in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, bordering Virginia, West Virginia, and Washington, D.C. to its south and west; Pennsylvania to its north; and Delaware to its east. Maryland was the seventh state to ratify the United States Constitution, and has three occasionally used nicknames: the Old Line State, the Free State, and the Chesapeake Bay State.\nMaryland is one of the smallest states in terms of area, as well as one of the most densely populated states of the United States. The state's largest city is Baltimore, and its capital is Annapolis. Although the state is officially claimed to be named after Queen Henrietta Maria, many historians believe Maryland was named after Mary, the mother of Jesus, by George Calvert, 1st Lord Baltimore prior to his death in 1632. The original intent may never be known. Maryland has the highest median household income, making it the wealthiest state in the nation.
/m/01vswx5	David Howell Evans, more widely known by his stage name The Edge, is an English musician best known as the guitarist, backing vocalist, and keyboardist of the rock band U2. A member of the group since its inception, he has recorded 12 studio albums with the band and has released one solo record. As a guitarist, The Edge has crafted a minimalistic and textural style of playing. His use of a rhythmic delay effect yields a distinctive ambient, chiming sound that has become a signature of U2's music.\nThe Edge was born in Essex, England to a Welsh family, and was raised in Ireland after moving there as an infant. In 1976, at Mount Temple Comprehensive School, he formed U2 with his fellow students and his older brother Dik. Inspired by the ethos of punk rock and its basic arrangements, the group began to write its own material. They eventually became one of the most popular acts in popular music, with successful albums such as 1987's The Joshua Tree and 1991's Achtung Baby. Over the years, The Edge has experimented with various guitar effects and introduced influences from several genres of music into his own style, including American roots music, industrial music, and alternative rock. With U2, The Edge has also played keyboards, co-produced their 1993 record Zooropa, and occasionally contributed lyrics. The Edge met his second and current wife, Morleigh Steinberg, through her collaborations with the band.
/m/03fts	Galaxy Quest is a 1999 science-fiction parody comedy film about a troupe of actors who defend a group of aliens against an alien warlord. It was directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon. Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks, and David Newman composed the music score. Portions of the film were shot in Goblin Valley State Park, Utah, USA, and non-humanoid creatures were created by Stan Winston Studio from designs by Crash McCreary, Chris Swift, Brom, Bernie Wrightson, and Simon Bisley.\nThe film parodies the television series Star Trek and related media activities such as fandom. It stars Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, and Daryl Mitchell as the cast of a defunct television series called Galaxy Quest, in which the crew of a spaceship embarked on intergalactic adventures. Enrico Colantoni also stars as the leader of an alien race who ask the actors for help, believing the show's adventures were real. The film's supporting cast features Robin Sachs as the warlord Sarris and Patrick Breen as a friendly alien. Justin Long makes his feature film debut as an obsessed fan of the television show.
/m/0ptxj	The Towering Inferno is a 1974 American action drama disaster film produced by Irwin Allen featuring an all-star cast led by Steve McQueen and Paul Newman. The picture was directed by John Guillermin.\nA co-production between 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros., it was adapted by Stirling Silliphant from a pair of novels, The Tower by Richard Martin Stern and The Glass Inferno by Thomas N. Scortia and Frank M. Robinson.\nThe film was a critical success, earning a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and was the highest-grossing film released in 1974. The film was nominated for eight Oscars in all, winning three.\nIn addition to McQueen and Newman, the cast includes William Holden, Faye Dunaway, Fred Astaire, Susan Blakely, Richard Chamberlain, O.J. Simpson, Robert Vaughn, Robert Wagner, Susan Flannery, Gregory Sierra, Dabney Coleman and, in her final film, Jennifer Jones.
/m/0806vbn	Harry Shum, Jr. is a Costa Rican-born American dancer, actor, choreographer and singer of Chinese descent. He is best known for his role as Mike Chang on the Fox television show Glee. He has appeared in dance films such as Stomp the Yard, You Got Served, Step Up 2: The Streets and Step Up 3D. He also plays the character of Elliot Hoo in The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers.
/m/03qgjwc	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actress is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/0gdh5	Alanis Nadine Morissette is a Canadian-American singer-songwriter, guitarist, record producer and actress. She has won 16 Juno Awards and seven Grammy Awards, was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards. Morissette began her career in Canada, and as a teenager recorded two dance-pop albums, Alanis and Now Is the Time, under MCA Records Canada. Her first international album was the rock-influenced Jagged Little Pill, released in 1995. Jagged has sold more than 33 million units globally. Her following album, Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, was released in 1998. Morissette took up producing duties for her subsequent albums, which include Under Rug Swept, So-Called Chaos and Flavors of Entanglement. Her eighth studio album, Havoc and Bright Lights, was released on August 28, 2012. Morissette has sold more than 60 million albums worldwide. Morissette is also known for her powerful and emotive mezzo-soprano voice. She has been dubbed as the \"Queen of alt-rock angst\".
/m/07ssc	The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom or Britain, is a sovereign state located off the north-western coast of continental Europe. The country includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another state: the Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea in the east, the English Channel in the south and the Irish Sea in the west.\nThe UK's form of government is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system, and its capital city is London. The current British monarch—since 6 February 1952—is Queen Elizabeth II. The United Kingdom consists of four countries: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The latter three have devolved administrations, each with varying powers, based in their capital cities, Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast, respectively. Guernsey, Jersey and the Isle of Man are Crown dependencies and are not part of the UK. The United Kingdom has fourteen British Overseas Territories. These are remnants of the British Empire which, at its height in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, encompassed almost a quarter of the world's land mass and was the largest empire in history. British influence can be observed in the language, culture and legal systems of many of its former colonies.
/m/03rs8y	Eriq La Salle is an American actor, director, writer and producer known for his portrayals of Darryl in the 1988 comedy film Coming to America and Dr. Peter Benton on the NBC drama series ER.
/m/049qx	Kylie Ann Minogue, OBE, often known simply as Kylie, is an Australian singer, recording artist, songwriter and actress, working and living in London. After beginning her career as a child actress on Australian television, she achieved recognition through her role in the television soap opera Neighbours, before beginning her career as a recording artist in 1987.\nMinogue has achieved worldwide record sales of more than 70 million, and has received notable music awards, including multiple ARIA and Brit Awards and a Grammy Award. She has mounted several successful and critically acclaimed concert world tours and received a Mo Award for \"Australian Entertainer of the Year\" for her live performances. She was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 2008 \"for services to music\". In the same year she was appointed by the French Government as a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, the junior grade of France's highest cultural honour, for her contribution to the enrichment of French culture. In 2011 her hit single \"I Should Be So Lucky\" was added to the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia's Sounds of Australia registry. The same year, Minogue was awarded an honorary Doctor of Health Science degree by Anglia Ruskin University in the United Kingdom for her work in raising awareness for breast cancer. In November 2011, on the 25th anniversary of the ARIA Music Awards, Minogue was inducted by the Australian Recording Industry Association into the ARIA Hall of Fame.
/m/0969vz	Govardhan Asrani, popularly known simply as Asrani, is an Indian actor and director whose Bollywood career has spanned five decades. He has played in both Hindi and Gujarati films, and his roles include lead hero performances, character roles, comedic roles, as well as supporting parts.
/m/059fjj	Kyra Minturn Sedgwick is an American actress. She is best known for her starring role as Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson on the TNT crime drama The Closer. Sedgwick's role in the series won her a Golden Globe Award in 2007 and an Emmy Award in 2010. The series ended on August 13, 2012, following the completion of its seventh season.
/m/01s0ps	An electric piano is an electric musical instrument.\nElectric pianos produce sounds mechanically and the sounds are turned into electrical signals by pickups. Unlike a synthesizer, the electric piano is not an electronic instrument, but electro-mechanical. The earliest electric pianos were invented in the late 1920s; the 1929 Neo-Bechstein electric grand piano was among the first. Probably the earliest stringless model was Lloyd Loar's Vivi-Tone Clavier.\nEarly electric piano recordings include Duke Ellington's in 1955 and Sun Ra's India as well as other tracks from the 1956 sessions included on his second album Super Sonic Jazz.\nThe popularity of the electric piano began to grow in the late 1950s after Ray Charles's famous 1959 hit record \"What'd I Say,\" reaching its height during the 1970s, after which they were progressively displaced by electronic pianos capable of piano-like sounds without the disadvantages of moving mechanical parts. Many types were initially designed for home or school use including use in school or college piano labs for the simultaneous tuition of several students using headphones. Another factor driving their development and acceptance was the progressive electrification of popular music and the need for a portable keyboard instrument capable of amplification. Musicians adopted a number of types of domestic electric pianos encouraging their manufacturers to evolve them for stage use and then subsequently develop models primarily intended for stage use.
/m/078mm1	The Cassandra Crossing is a 1976 British disaster/thriller film directed by George Pan Cosmatos and starring Richard Harris, Sophia Loren, Martin Sheen, Burt Lancaster, Lee Strasberg, Ava Gardner and O. J. Simpson. With the backing of the European media tycoon Sir Lew Grade and the Italian film producer Carlo Ponti, the international all-star cast was expected to attract a widespread audience, with rights sold prior to filming, to both British and American distributors. Ponti also saw the production as a showcase for his wife, Sophia Loren.
/m/03ytp3	The Ukraine national football team is the national football team of Ukraine and is controlled by the Football Federation of Ukraine. After Ukrainian Independence and breakaway from the Soviet Union, they played their first match against Hungary on 29 April 1992. The team's biggest success on the world stage was reaching the quarter finals in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, which also marked the team's debut in the finals of a major championship. As a host nation Ukraine automatically qualified for Euro 2012.\nUkraine's home ground is the Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kiev.
/m/09nqf	The United States dollar, is referred to as the U.S. dollar, or Federal Reserve Note. It is the official currency of the United States and its overseas territories. It is divided into 100 smaller units called cents.\nThe U.S. dollar is the fiat currency most used in international transactions and is one of the world's most dominant reserve currencies. Several countries use it as their official currency, and in many others it is the de facto currency. It is also used as the sole currency in two British Overseas Territories: the British Virgin Islands and the Turks and Caicos islands.
/m/0l8sx	Time Warner Inc. is an American multinational media corporation headquartered in the Time Warner Center in New York City. As of mid-2010, it was the world's second largest media and entertainment conglomerate in terms of revenue, as well as the world's largest media conglomerate.\nTwo formerly separate companies, Warner Communications, Inc. and Time Inc., form the current Time Warner, with major operations in film, television, and publishing. Among its subsidiaries are New Line Cinema, Time Inc., HBO, Turner Broadcasting System, The CW Television Network, TheWB.com, Warner Bros., Kids' WB, Cartoon Network, Boomerang, Adult Swim, CNN, DC Comics, Warner Bros. Animation, Cartoon Network Studios, Hanna-Barbera, and Castle Rock Entertainment.\nTime Warner previously owned AOL, Time Warner Cable, and Warner Music Group, but has spun them off into independent companies. In March 2013, Time Warner announced that Time Inc. would be spun off as well. The company's cable news channel, CNN, initially reported that the spinoff would happen at the end of 2013,. However, the reported timeline has shifted multiple times. and current reports are forecasting the third or fourth quarter of 2014.
/m/0yx7h	Fatal Attraction is a 1987 American psychological thriller film directed by Adrian Lyne and starring Michael Douglas, Glenn Close, and Anne Archer. The film centers around a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end, resulting in emotional blackmail, stalking, and an ensuing obsession on her part. The film was adapted by James Dearden and Nicholas Meyer from an earlier 1980 short film by Dearden for British television, Diversion.\nFatal Attraction was a hit, becoming the second highest-grossing film of 1987 in the United States and the highest-grossing film of the year worldwide. Critics were enthusiastic about the film, and it received six Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actress for Close, and Best Supporting Actress for Archer. Both lost to Cher and Olympia Dukakis, respectively, for Moonstruck.
/m/0cc65	Grand Teton National Park is a United States National Park in northwestern Wyoming. At approximately 310,000 acres, the park includes the major peaks of the 40-mile-long Teton Range as well as most of the northern sections of the valley known as Jackson Hole. It is only 10 miles south of Yellowstone National Park, to which it is connected by the National Park Service-managed John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway. Along with surrounding National Forests, these three protected areas constitute the almost 18,000,000-acre Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, one of the largest intact mid-latitude temperate ecosystems in the world.\nHuman history of the Grand Teton region dates back at least 11,000 years, when the first nomadic hunter-gatherer Paleo-Indians began migrating into the region during warmer months pursuing food and supplies. In the early 19th century, the first White explorers encountered the eastern Shoshone natives. Between 1810 and 1840, the region attracted fur trading companies that vied for control of the lucrative beaver pelt trade. U.S. Government expeditions to the region commenced in the mid-19th century as an offshoot of exploration in Yellowstone, with the first permanent white settlers in Jackson Hole arriving in the 1880s. Efforts to preserve the region as a national park commenced in the late 19th century, and in 1929 Grand Teton National Park was established, protecting the major peaks of the Teton Range. The valley of Jackson Hole remained in private ownership until the 1930s, when conservationists led by John D. Rockefeller, Jr. began purchasing land in Jackson Hole to be added to the existing national park. Against public opinion and with repeated Congressional efforts to repeal the measures, much of Jackson Hole was set aside for protection as Jackson Hole National Monument in 1943. The monument was abolished in 1950 and most of the monument land was added to Grand Teton National Park.
/m/02lp1	Electrical engineering is a field of engineering that generally deals with the study and application of electricity, electronics, and electromagnetism. This field first became an identifiable occupation in the latter half of the 19th century after commercialization of the electric telegraph, the telephone, and electric power distribution and use. Subsequently, broadcasting and recording media made electronics part of daily life. The invention of the transistor and, subsequently, the integrated circuit brought down the cost of electronics to the point where they can be used in almost any household object. The personal computer and information technology are the most complex electronics yet to be used in everyday life.\nElectrical engineering has now subdivided into a wide range of subfields including electronics, digital computers, power engineering, telecommunications, control systems, RF engineering, signal processing, instrumentation, and microelectronics. The subject of electronic engineering is often treated as its own subfield but it intersects with all the other subfields, including the power electronics of power engineering.\nElectrical engineers typically hold a degree in electrical engineering or electronic engineering. Practicing engineers may have professional certification and be members of a professional body. Such bodies include the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers and the Institution of Engineering and Technology.
/m/02mhfy	Terry Ann \"Teri\" Garr is an American actress and dancer best known for her film roles in Young Frankenstein; Close Encounters of the Third Kind; Oh, God!; Mr. Mom; After Hours; The Black Stallion; One from the Heart and Tootsie, for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She also had a recurring guest role on television's Friends.
/m/0gvx_	The Academy Award for Documentary Feature is an award for documentary films.
/m/0330r	Frasier is an American sitcom that was broadcast on NBC for eleven seasons from September 16, 1993, to May 13, 2004. The program was created and produced by David Angell, Peter Casey, and David Lee in association with Grammnet and Paramount Network Television.\nA spin-off of Cheers, Frasier starred Kelsey Grammer, David Hyde Pierce, John Mahoney, Jane Leeves, Peri Gilpin, and Moose. It was one of the most successful spin-off series in television history, as well as one of the most critically acclaimed comedy series.
/m/0c7t58	Terence Patrick Winter is an American writer and producer of television and film. He is the creator, writer, and executive producer of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire. Before creating Boardwalk Empire, Winter was a writer and executive producer for the HBO television series The Sopranos. In 2013, he wrote the screenplay to Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street for which he is nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/031rx9	Fine Line Features was the speciality films division of New Line Cinema. From 1990–1995, under founder and president Ira Deutchman, Fine Line acquired, distributed and marketed films of a more \"indie\" flavor than its parent company, including such critically acclaimed films as Hoop Dreams, The Player, Short Cuts, Night on Earth, Spanking the Monkey, My Own Private Idaho, and Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle. In 2005, New Line teamed up with fellow Time Warner subsidiary HBO to form Picturehouse, a new specialty film label of which Fine Line was folded into.
/m/06j8wx	Walter Charles Dance, OBE is an English actor, screenwriter, and film director. Dance typically plays assertive bureaucrats or villains. Some of his most high-profile roles are Guy Perron in The Jewel in the Crown, Dr. Jonathan Clemens in Alien 3, Sardo Numspa in The Golden Child, Benedict in Last Action Hero, and Tywin Lannister in HBO's Game of Thrones.
/m/01qscs	Benicio Monserrate Rafael del Toro Sánchez, better known as Benicio del Toro is a Puerto Rican actor and film producer. He won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a BAFTA Award for his role as Javier Rodríguez in Traffic. He is also known for his roles as Fred Fenster in The Usual Suspects, Dr. Gonzo in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Franky Four Fingers in Snatch, Jackie Boy in Sin City, and Che Guevara in Che, a performance which garnered him the Best Actor Award both at the Cannes Film Festival in France, and at the Goya Awards in Spain. He portrayed The Collector in the Marvel Studios films Thor: The Dark World, and the upcoming Guardians of the Galaxy. He is the third Puerto Rican to win an Academy Award.
/m/03c6sl9	The 2008 Major League Baseball season began on March 25, 2008 in Tokyo, Japan with the 2007 World Series champion Boston Red Sox defeating the Oakland Athletics at the Tokyo Dome 6–5 in the first game of a two-game series, and ended on September 30 with the host Chicago White Sox defeating the Minnesota Twins in a one-game playoff to win the AL Central division. The Civil Rights Game, an exhibition, in Memphis, Tennessee took place March 29 when the New York Mets beat the Chicago White Sox, 3–2.\nThe All-Star Game was played on July 15 at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York City, with the AL winning 4 to 3 in 15 innings. For the eighth straight season, a defending World Champion – the Boston Red Sox – failed to defend their championship. The Philadelphia Phillies won the World Series 4 games to 1 over the Tampa Bay Rays. This was Philadelphia's second championship, and also the first World Series appearance for the Rays.
/m/05jf85	The Purple Rose of Cairo is a 1985 American romantic fantasy comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen. Inspired by Sherlock, Jr., Hellzapoppin', and Pirandello's Six Characters in Search of an Author, it is the tale of a film character who leaves a fictional film of the same name and enters the real world.
/m/011lvx	Laura Phillips \"Laurie\" Anderson is an American experimental performance artist, composer and musician who plays violin and keyboards and sings in a variety of experimental music and art rock styles. Initially trained as a sculptor, Anderson did her first performance-art piece in the late 1960s. Throughout the 1970s, Anderson did a variety of different performance-art activities. She became widely known outside the art world in 1981 when her single \"O Superman\" reached number two on the UK pop charts. She also starred in and directed the 1986 concert film Home of the Brave.\nAnderson is a pioneer in electronic music and has invented several devices that she has used in her recordings and performance art shows. In 1977, she created a tape-bow violin that uses recorded magnetic tape on the bow instead of horsehair and a magnetic tape head in the bridge. In the late 1990s, she developed a talking stick, a six-foot-long baton-like MIDI controller that can access and replicate sounds.\nAnderson started dating Lou Reed in 1992, and was married to him from 2008 until his death on October 27, 2013.
/m/0kx4m	Lucasfilm Limited, LLC is an American film and television production company based in the Letterman Digital Arts Center in San Francisco, California. The studio is best known for its films, such as the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises, as well as its leadership in developing special effects, sound and computer animation for film. The Walt Disney Company bought Lucasfilm in 2012 at a valuation of $4.06 billion. Lucasfilm was founded by filmmaker George Lucas in 1971 in San Rafael, CA. Most of Lucasfilm's operations were moved to San Francisco in 2005.
/m/05xpms	Melora Diane Hardin is an American actress, known for her roles as Jan Levenson on NBC's The Office and Trudy Monk on USA's Monk.
/m/0b_cr	Merced is a city in, and the county seat of, Merced County, California in the San Joaquin Valley of Northern California. As of 2012, the city had a population of 80,793. Incorporated in 1889, Merced is a charter city that operates under a council-manager government. It is named after the Merced River, which flows nearby.\nMerced, known as the \"Gateway to Yosemite,\" is less than two hours by automobile from Yosemite National Park to the east and Monterey Bay, the Pacific Ocean, and several beaches to the west. The community is served by the rail passenger service Amtrak, a major airline through Merced Regional Airport, and three bus lines. It is approximately 110 miles from Sacramento, 130 miles from San Francisco, 45 miles from Fresno, and 270 miles from Los Angeles.\nIn 2005, the city became home to the tenth University of California campus, University of California, Merced, the first research university built in the U.S. in the 21st century.
/m/080g3	Versailles is a city in the Yvelines département in Île-de-France region, world-widely renowned for its château, the Château de Versailles and the gardens of Versailles, designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. According to the 2008 census, the population of the city is 88,641 inhabitants, down from a peak of 94,145 in 1975.\nA new town, founded by the will of King Louis XIV, it was the de facto capital of the kingdom of France for over a century, from 1682 to 1789, before becoming the cradle of the French Revolution. After having lost its status of royal city, it became the préfecture of Seine-et-Oise département in 1790, then of Yvelines in 1968, and a Roman Catholic diocese. Versailles is historically known for numerous treaties such as the Treaty of Paris, which ended the American Revolutionary War and the Treaty of Versailles, after World War I.\nLocated in the western suburbs of the French capital, 17.1 km from the centre of Paris, Versailles is in the 21st century a wealthy suburb of Paris with a service based economy and a major touristic destination as well. Besides, the Congress of France - the name given to the body created when both houses of the French Parliament, the National Assembly and the Senate, meet - gathers in the Château de Versailles to vote on revisions to the Constitution.
/m/04112r	Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American professional soccer club located in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson, California, originally a subsidiary of the Mexican club C.D. Guadalajara, which competes in Major League Soccer.\nThe club became the eleventh MLS team upon its entry into the league in 2004. Chivas USA was intended to be seen as a \"little brother\" to its parent club C.D. Guadalajara, one of the most widely supported and successful teams in Mexico. In Spanish, chivas means \"goats\", and is the nickname of C.D. Guadalajara.\nChivas USA plays its home games at the StubHub Center in Carson, which it shares with its rival, the Los Angeles Galaxy. The club was originally owned by Jorge Vergara, who also owns C.D. Guadalajara; in 2014, MLS purchased the club from Vergara with plans to sell it to new owners, who will rebrand the club in time for the 2015 season.
/m/0c_m3	Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee, and the county seat of Shelby County. The city is located on the 4th Chickasaw Bluff, south of the confluence of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers.\nMemphis had a population of 670,132 in 2012, making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee, the largest city on the Mississippi River, the third largest in the Southeastern United States, and the 20th largest in the United States. The greater Memphis metropolitan area, including adjacent counties in Mississippi and Arkansas, had a 2010 population of 1,316,100. This makes Memphis the second-largest metropolitan area in Tennessee, surpassed only by metropolitan Nashville. Memphis is the youngest of Tennessee's major cities. A resident of Memphis is referred to as a Memphian, and the Memphis region is known, particularly to media outlets, as \"Memphis & The Mid-South\".
/m/03b1sb	The Grifters is a 1990 neo-noir film directed by Stephen Frears, produced by Martin Scorsese, and stars John Cusack, Anjelica Huston and Annette Bening. The screenplay was written by Donald E. Westlake, based on Jim Thompson's pulp novel of the same name.
/m/03cfkrw	The End of the Affair is a 1999 drama film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Ralph Fiennes, Julianne Moore and Stephen Rea.\nThe film is based on The End of the Affair, a 1951 novel by British author Graham Greene.
/m/0m_v0	Joseph Henry \"T Bone\" Burnett is an American musician, songwriter, and soundtrack and record producer. He was a touring guitarist in Bob Dylan's band on the Rolling Thunder Revue. After the tour ended, Burnett and two other members of the backing band formed The Alpha Band, followed by his first solo album in 1980.\nBurnett has produced artists such as Roy Orbison, Lisa Marie Presley, John Mellencamp, Los Lobos, Counting Crows, Elton John & Leon Russell, Elvis Costello and his wife Diana Krall, Natalie Merchant and The Wallflowers as well as Tony Bennett and k.d. lang on the A Wonderful World album. Burnett won Grammy Awards for the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack and for his work with Alison Krauss and Robert Plant. He was nominated for an Academy Award for his songwriting contribution to the film Cold Mountain, and won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"The Weary Kind\" from Crazy Heart. He founded the record label DMZ, an imprint of Columbia, and was involved with Mark Heard and Tonio K in the short-lived What? Records. He oversaw the music for the films Walk the Line and The Big Lebowski.
/m/02jxkw	Alan Anthony Silvestri is an American composer and conductor who works primarily in film and television. He is best known for his frequent collaboration with director Robert Zemeckis, including composing major hit films such as the Back to the Future trilogy and Forrest Gump, as well as the superhero films Captain America: The First Avenger and Marvel's The Avengers.
/m/02wlk	Frank Lloyd Wright was an American architect, interior designer, writer and educator, who designed more than 1000 structures and completed 532 works. Wright believed in designing structures which were in harmony with humanity and its environment, a philosophy he called organic architecture. This philosophy was best exemplified by his design for Fallingwater, which has been called \"the best all-time work of American architecture\". Wright was a leader of the Prairie School movement of architecture and developed the concept of the Usonian home, his unique vision for urban planning in the United States.\nHis work includes original and innovative examples of many different building types, including offices, churches, schools, skyscrapers, hotels, and museums. Wright also designed many of the interior elements of his buildings, such as the furniture and stained glass. Wright authored 20 books and many articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe. His colorful personal life often made headlines, most notably for the 1914 fire and murders at his Taliesin studio. Already well known during his lifetime, Wright was recognized in 1991 by the American Institute of Architects as \"the greatest American architect of all time.\"
/m/018wdw	The Academy Award for Best Sound Editing is an Academy Award granted yearly to a film exhibiting the finest or most aesthetic sound editing or sound design. The award is usually received by the Supervising Sound Editors of the film, perhaps accompanied by the Sound Designers.\nThe Sound Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, until 2006 would use a \"bake-off\" of the best films from the previous year to decide which films should be referred to the full Academy as nominations for the award. In a rule change on June 30, 2006, the bake-off for the Sound Branch was eliminated, and the usual process of a \"preferential ballot\" submission was instituted.\nDuring certain years, the highest award given for this category may be a \"Special Achievement Award\", not an Oscar. Academy rules require that a minimum number of films must be nominated in a category for an Academy Award to be granted; when the number of qualifying nominees is insufficient, a Special Achievement Award is granted instead.\nThis is a list of films that have won or been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Effects, Sound Effects Editing, or Sound Editing.
/m/0l_dv	Richard William \"Wil\" Wheaton III is an American actor, blogger and writer, known for his portrayals of Wesley Crusher on the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, Gordie Lachance in the film Stand by Me, Joey Trotta in Toy Soldiers, and for his recurring role as a fictionalized version of himself on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
/m/07kbp5	The Georgia Bulldogs football team represents the University of Georgia in the sport of American football. The Bulldogs compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference. They play their homes games at Sanford Stadium on the university's Athens, Georgia, campus, and are currently coached by Mark Richt. Since their inaugural season in 1892, the Bulldogs have been one of the most successful collegiate football programs of all time. UGA teams have won or shared a part of five NCAA football national championships and 14 conference championships, and have appeared in 48 bowl games, the fifth most all time. The program has also produced two Heisman Trophy winners, two No. 1 NFL draft picks, and many winners of other national awards.
/m/01lp8	Christianity is a monotheistic religion based on the life and oral teachings of Jesus as presented in the New Testament. Christianity is the world's largest religion, with approximately 2.2 billion adherents, known as Christians. Most Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God, fully divine and fully human, and the saviour of humanity whose coming was prophesied in the Old Testament. Consequently, Christians refer to Jesus as Christ, which means \"Messiah.\"\nThe foundations of Christian theology are expressed in ecumenical creeds. These professions of faith state that Jesus suffered, died, was buried, and was resurrected from the dead in order to grant eternal life to those who believe in him and trust in him for the remission of their sins. The creeds further maintain that Jesus bodily ascended into heaven, where he reigns with God the Father. Most Christian denominations teach that Jesus will return to judge everybody, living and dead, and to grant eternal life to his followers. He is considered the model of a virtuous life. His ministry, crucifixion, and resurrection are often referred to as the \"gospel\", meaning \"good news\". The term gospel also refers to written accounts of Jesus' life and teaching, four of which—the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John—are considered canonical and included in Christian Bibles.
/m/05cj4r	Dame Eileen June Atkins, DBE is an English actress and occasional screenwriter. She has worked in the theatre, film, and television consistently since 1953. She has won several Major acting awards including three Olivier's, one BAFTA and one Emmy. She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1990 and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2001.
/m/07t21	Ukraine (English pronunciation /juːˈkreɪn/; Ukrainian: Україна, Ukrayina, /ukrɑˈjinɑ/) is a country in Eastern Europe. It borders Russia to the east, Belarus to the north, Poland, Slovakia and Hungary to the west, Romania and Moldova to the southwest, and the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov to the south. Thecity of Kiev (Kyiv) is the country's capital.FlagHistoryDemographicsGovernmentEconomyConstitutionMilitaryPoliticsPresidentPrime MinisterCabinet of MinistersSports
/m/02_sr1	Rush Hour 2 is a 2001 martial arts buddy action comedy film. This is the second installment in the Rush Hour series. A sequel to the 1998 film Rush Hour, the film stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker who respectively reprise their roles as Inspector Lee and Detective Carter. The film finds Lee and Carter embroiled in a counterfeit scam involving the Triads.\nRush Hour 2 was released August 3, 2001 to mixed reviews from critics, but it grossed $347,325,802 at the worldwide box office, becoming the eleventh highest-grossing film of 2001 worldwide. It is the highest-grossing live-action martial arts film of all time, and the second highest-grossing martial arts film of all time, behind Kung Fu Panda. The film was followed up with another sequel, Rush Hour 3, in 2007.
/m/0gqyl	Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. While actresses are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/015qh	Bulgaria, officially the Republic of Bulgaria, is a country located in Southeastern Europe. It is bordered by Romania to the north, Serbia and Macedonia to the west, Greece and Turkey to the south, and the Black Sea to the east. With a territory of 110,994 square kilometres, Bulgaria is Europe's 14th-largest country.\nOrganised Prehistoric cultures began developing on Bulgarian lands during the Neolithic period. Its ancient history saw the presence of the Thracians, and later the Greeks and Romans. The emergence of a unified Bulgarian state dates back to the establishment of the First Bulgarian Empire in 681 CE, which dominated most of the Balkans and functioned as a cultural hub for Slavic peoples during the Middle Ages. With the downfall of the Second Bulgarian Empire in 1396, its territories came under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries. The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 led to the formation of the Third Bulgarian State. The following years saw several conflicts with its neighbours, which prompted Bulgaria to align with Germany in both World Wars. In 1946 it became a single-party Socialist state as part of the Soviet-led Eastern Bloc. In 1989 the ruling Communist Party allowed multi-party elections, which subsequently led to Bulgaria's transition into a democracy and a market-based economy.
/m/02k856	The lap steel guitar is a type of steel guitar, an instrument derived from and similar to the guitar. The player changes pitch by pressing a metal or glass bar against the strings instead of by pressing strings against the fretboard.\nThere are three main types of lap steel guitar:\nLap slide guitars, the first developed, which use a similar sound box to a Spanish guitar. These were originally called Hawaiian guitars and included versions that had a factory raised nut, but also include Spanish guitars with a nut extender.\nResonator guitars, particularly those with square necks, but also round neck versions with a raised nut.\nElectric lap steel guitars, which include the first commercially successful solid body instruments. These were originally marketed as electric Hawaiian guitars. In addition to the lap-played model, a closely related version called a console steel guitar is supported on legs
/m/095z4q	The Longest Yard is a 2005 American sports comedy film, a remake of the 1974 film of the same name. Adam Sandler plays the protagonist, Paul Crewe, a disgraced former professional quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL, who is forced to form a team from the prison inmates to play football against their guards.\nBurt Reynolds, who played Sandler's role in the original, co-stars as Nate Scarborough, the inmates' coach and a former Heisman Trophy winner for Oklahoma in 1955. Chris Rock plays Crewe's friend, known as Caretaker. The cast includes James Cromwell, Nelly, William Fichtner and several former and current professional athletes such as Terry Crews, Michael Irvin, Brian Bosworth, Bill Romanowski, Bill Goldberg, Bob Sapp, Kevin Nash, \"Stone Cold\" Steve Austin, and Dalip \"The Great Khali\" Singh Rana.\nThe film was released in North America by Paramount Pictures and worldwide by Columbia Pictures.
/m/06yxd	South Carolina is a state in the Southeastern United States. It is bordered to the north by North Carolina; to the south and west by Georgia, located across the Savannah River; and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean. Originally part of the Province of Carolina, the Province of South Carolina was the first of the 13 colonies that declared independence from the British Crown during the American Revolution.\nSouth Carolina was the first state to ratify the Articles of Confederation, and the 8th state to ratify the US Constitution on May 23, 1788. South Carolina later became the first state to vote to secede from the Union which it did on December 20, 1860. It was readmitted to the United States on June 25, 1868.\nSouth Carolina is the 40th most extensive and the 24th most populous of the 50 United States. South Carolina comprises 46 counties. The capital and largest city of the state is Columbia, while the largest MSA is Greenville.
/m/021q0l	In academia, a fellow is a member of a group of learned people who work together as peers in the pursuit of mutual knowledge or practice. The fellows may include visiting professors, postdoctoral researchers and doctoral researchers.
/m/024pcx	The Kingdom of England was a sovereign state in western Europe from the 10th century to 1707. Occupying the southern two-thirds of the island of Great Britain, the kingdom included modern-day England, Wales, and for a brief period in the 15th century the Southern Uplands of Scotland. The kingdom shared a border with Scotland to the north, but otherwise was surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean. At the start of the period its capital and chief royal residence was Winchester, but Westminster and Gloucester were accorded almost equal status, with Westminster gradually gaining preference and becoming the de facto administrative capital by the beginning of the 12th century.\nThe kingdom broadly traces its origins to the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain and the Heptarchy of petty states that followed. The territory of what became England was unified into a single kingdom during the early 10th century. The Norman invasion of Wales from 1067 and the completion of its conquest by Edward I put Wales under England's control, and Wales came under English law with the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542. On 1 May 1707, under the terms of the Acts of Union 1707, the kingdoms of England and Scotland united to form Great Britain. Although it is no longer a sovereign state, modern England continues as one of the countries of the United Kingdom.
/m/02fgpf	Alan Irwin Menken is an American musical theatre and film composer and pianist.\nMenken is best known for his scores for films produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. His scores for The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, and Pocahontas have each won him two Academy Awards. He also composed the scores for The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Hercules, Home on the Range, The Shaggy Dog, Enchanted, and most recently, Tangled and Mirror Mirror. Menken has collaborated on several occasions with lyricists including Howard Ashman, Tim Rice, Glenn Slater and Stephen Schwartz. With eight Academy Award wins, Menken is the second most prolific Oscar winner in a music category after Alfred Newman, who has nine Oscars.
/m/06pcz0	Thomas Patrick Lennon is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer best known as a cast member on MTV's The State and for his role as Lieutenant Jim Dangle on the Comedy Central series Reno 911!.
/m/0cf2h	Spencer Bonaventure Tracy was an American actor. Respected for his natural style and versatility, Tracy was one of the major stars of Hollywood's Golden Age. In a screen career that spanned 37 years, he was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor and won two, sharing the record for nominations in that category with Laurence Olivier.\nTracy discovered his talent for acting while attending Ripon College, and later received a scholarship for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He spent seven years in the theatre, working in a succession of stock companies and intermittently on Broadway. Tracy's breakthrough came in 1930, when his lead performance in The Last Mile caught the attention of Hollywood. After a successful film debut in Up the River, Tracy was signed to a contract with Fox Film Corporation. His five years with Fox were unremarkable, and he remained largely unknown to audiences after 25 films. In 1935, Tracy joined Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Hollywood's most prestigious studio. His career flourished with a series of hit films, and in 1937 and 1938 he won consecutive Oscars for Captains Courageous and Boys Town. By the 1940s, Tracy was one of the studio's top stars. In 1942 he appeared with Katharine Hepburn in Woman of the Year, beginning a popular partnership that produced nine movies over 25 years.
/m/0258dh	The Bodyguard is a 1992 American romantic thriller film starring Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston. Released in June 13th 1992. Costner stars as a former Secret Service Agent-turned-bodyguard who is hired to protect Houston's character, a music star, from an unknown stalker. Lawrence Kasdan wrote the film in the 1970s, originally as a vehicle for Steve McQueen and Diana Ross It was directed by Mick Jackson. This film was Houston's acting debut. It was the second-highest-grossing film worldwide in 1992, making $411 million worldwide, despite mixed to negative reviews from critics. The soundtrack became the best-selling soundtrack of all time, selling more than 45 million copies worldwide.
/m/05lb87	Mark W. Moses is an American actor, known for his roles of Paul Young on Desperate Housewives and Herman \"Duck\" Phillips on the AMC series Mad Men.
/m/03qcq	Hunter Stockton Thompson was an American journalist and author. Born in Louisville, Kentucky, to a middle-class family, Thompson had a turbulent youth after the death of his father left the family in poverty. He was unable to formally finish high school as he was incarcerated for 60 days after abetting a robbery. He subsequently joined the United States Air Force before moving into journalism. He traveled frequently, including stints in California, Puerto Rico, and Brazil, before settling in Aspen, Colorado, in the early 1960s.\nThompson became internationally known with the publication of Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs, for which he had spent a year living and riding with the Angels, experiencing their lives and hearing their stories first hand. Previously a relatively conventional journalist, with the publication in 1970 of \"The Kentucky Derby Is Decadent and Depraved\" he became a counter cultural figure, with his own brand of New Journalism he termed \"Gonzo\", an experimental style of journalism where reporters involve themselves in the action to such a degree that they become central figures of their stories. The work he remains best known for is Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream, a rumination on the failure of the 1960s counterculture movement. It was first serialized in Rolling Stone, a magazine with which Thompson would be long associated, and was released as a film starring Johnny Depp and directed by Terry Gilliam in 1998.
/m/027tbrc	The Tudors is an Irish-Canadian historical fiction television series set primarily in sixteenth-century England, created by Michael Hirst and produced for the American premium cable television channel Showtime. The series, although named after the Tudor dynasty as a whole, is based specifically upon the reign of King Henry VIII of England.
/m/0gcs9	Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen is an American musician and singer-songwriter. He is best known for his work with the E Street Band. Nicknamed \"The Boss\", Springsteen is widely known for his brand of poetic lyrics, Americana working class, sometimes political sentiments centered on his native New Jersey and his lengthy and energetic stage performances, with concerts from the 1970s to the present decade running up to an uninterrupted 250 minutes in length.\nSpringsteen's recordings have included both commercially accessible rock albums and more sombre folk-oriented works. His most successful studio albums, Born in the U.S.A. and Born to Run, showcase a talent for finding grandeur in the struggles of daily American life; he has sold more than 64 million albums in the United States making him the fifteenth highest selling artist of all-time and more than 120 million albums worldwide. Springsteen has earned numerous awards for his work, including 20 Grammy Awards, two Golden Globes and an Academy Award as well as being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1999.
/m/0crh5_f	Elite Squad: The Enemy Within is a 2010 crime, drama and thriller film written by Bráulio Mantovani, José Padilha and Rodrigo Pimentel, and directed by José Padilha.
/m/01fx2g	Christina Ricci is an American actress. Ricci received initial recognition and praise as a child star for her performances as Katie in Mermaids, and Wednesday Addams in The Addams Family and Addams Family Values, and her role as Kat Harvey in Casper. Ricci made a transition into more adult-oriented roles with The Ice Storm, followed by an acclaimed performance in Buffalo '66 and then The Opposite of Sex, for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. She continued her success with well-received performances in Sleepy Hollow, Monster, Penelope and Black Snake Moan. In 2006 Ricci was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role as a paramedic in the ABC drama Grey's Anatomy. In 2011–12, she starred in the short-lived television series Pan Am as stewardess Maggie Ryan.
/m/02cpp	Depeche Mode are an English electronic music band formed in 1980 in Basildon, Essex. The group's original line-up consisted of Dave Gahan, Martin Gore, Andy Fletcher, and Vince Clarke. Depeche Mode released their debut record in 1981, Speak & Spell, bringing the band onto the English new wave scene. Clarke left the band after the release of the album, leaving the band as a trio to record A Broken Frame, released the following year. Alan Wilder officially joined the band afterward, replacing Clarke, while Gore took over lead songwriting duties, establishing a line up that would continue for the next thirteen years.\nThe band's last albums of the 1980s; Black Celebration and Music for the Masses established them as a dominant force on the mainstream electronic music scene. A highlight of this era was the band's concert at the Pasadena Rose Bowl where they drew a crowd in excess of 60,000 people. In the new decade, Depeche Mode released Violator, catapulting them to massive mainstream success. The subsequent album, Songs of Faith and Devotion and the supporting Devotional Tour exacerbated tensions within the band to the point where Alan Wilder quit in 1995, leading to intense media and fan speculation that the band would split. Now a trio once again, the band released Ultra in 1997, recorded at the height of Gahan's near-fatal drug abuse, Gore's alcoholism and Fletcher's depression. The release of Exciter confirmed Depeche Mode's willingness to remain together, the subsequent, and very successful, Exciter Tour being their first tour in support of an original album in eight years since the Devotional Tour although the band had briefly toured in 1998 to support The Singles 86>98 compilation album.
/m/046zh	Julia Fiona Roberts is an American actress and producer. She became a Hollywood star after headlining the romantic comedy Pretty Woman, which grossed $464 million worldwide. After receiving Golden Globe Awards and Academy Award nominations for Steel Magnolias and Pretty Woman, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Erin Brockovich. Her films Mystic Pizza, The Pelican Brief, My Best Friend's Wedding, Notting Hill, Runaway Bride, Ocean's Eleven, Ocean's Twelve, Charlie Wilson's War, Valentine's Day, Eat Pray Love, and Mirror Mirror have collectively brought box office receipts of over $2.6 billion, making her one of the most successful actresses in terms of box office receipts. In 2013, she appeared in August: Osage County, for which she received an Academy Award nomination.\nRoberts had become one of the highest-paid actresses in the world, topping The Hollywood Reporter's annual \"power list\" of top-earning female stars from 2005 to 2006. Her fee for 1990's Pretty Woman was $300,000; in 2003, she was paid an unprecedented $25 million for her role in Mona Lisa Smile. As of 2010, Roberts's net worth was estimated to be $140 million.
/m/086qd	Whitney Elizabeth Houston was an American recording artist, singer, actress, producer, and model. In 2009, the Guinness World Records cited her as the most awarded female act of all time. Houston was one of the world's best-selling music artists, having sold over 200 million records worldwide. She released six studio albums, one holiday album and three movie soundtrack albums, all of which have diamond, multi-platinum, platinum or gold certification. Houston's crossover appeal on the popular music charts, as well as her prominence on MTV, starting with her video for \"How Will I Know,\" influenced several African American women artists who follow in her footsteps.\nHouston is the only artist to chart seven consecutive No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hits. She is the second artist behind Elton John and the only woman to have two number-one Billboard 200 Album awards on the Billboard magazine year-end charts. Houston's 1985 debut album Whitney Houston became the best-selling debut album by a woman at the time of its release. Rolling Stone named it the best album of 1986, and ranked it at number 254 on the magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. Her second studio album Whitney became the first album by a woman to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart.
/m/0mws3	Delaware County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 558,979, making it Pennsylvania's fifth most populous county, behind Philadelphia, Allegheny, Montgomery, and Bucks counties. Its county seat is Media.\nDelaware County was created on September 26, 1789, from part of Chester County and named for the Delaware River. Chester City, prior to 1851, was the county seat of both Delaware County and, before that, of Chester County.\nDelaware County consists of communities adjacent to the city-county of Philadelphia, and is included in the Delaware Valley area. Socioeconomically, Delaware County consists of mostly middle-class and upper middle class communities, with some upper-class or working class neighborhoods. Delaware County is the only county covered in its entirety by area codes 610 and 484.
/m/0175rc	German: FC Bayern München) is a German sports club based in Munich, the capital of Bavaria. Bayern Munich is one of the most successful clubs in football history. With 2 Intercontinental Cups, 4 European Champions League titles, 1 UEFA Cup title, 1 Cup Winners' Cup title, 20 national championships, and 13 German Cups, Bayern Munich is Germany's foremost football club. Bayern is a membership based club and with more than 135,000 members, the third largest in the world after SL Benfica and FC Barcelona.[1] Bayern also has departments for chess, handball, basketball, gymnastics, bowling and table tennis.
/m/02z5x7l	Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone is a 2007 Japanese animated film written and chief directed by Hideaki Anno. It is the first of four films released in the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy based on the original anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was produced and co-distributed by Anno's Studio Khara in partnership with Gainax. Hideaki Anno wrote the first movie and is the general director and manager for the entire project. Yoshiyuki Sadamoto provided character designs for the film, while Ikuto Yamashita provided mechanical designs. Both Shinji Higuchi and Tomoki Kyoda provided the film's storyboards.\nThe film focuses on a young teenager named Shinji Ikari, who is asked to pilot a mecha known as \"Evangelion Unit-01\" to protect the world from mysterious creatures known as Angels. The plot is largely a point-for-point adaptation of the first six episodes of the original anime. While some scenes and events are replications of the original series, others unfold differently with new or omitted scenes and newly-available 3D CG technology. The film received a positive response from fans, with Hideaki Anno himself calling it a \"faithful remake of the original series\". The film was ranked as the 4th-highest grossing anime film at the Japanese box office during 2007, earning a total of 2 billion yen.
/m/05sw5b	Recess: School's Out is a 2001 American animated mystery-comedy film based on the Disney television series Recess. It was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and released theatrically in the United States on February 16, 2001. It was released on video and DVD on August 7, 2001.
/m/01bl7g	Shanghai Knights is a 2003 action-comedy film. It is the sequel to Shanghai Noon. It was directed by David Dobkin and written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar.
/m/061681	The Bourne Ultimatum is a 2007 American-German action spy thriller film directed by Paul Greengrass loosely based on the Robert Ludlum novel of the same title. The screenplay was written by Tony Gilroy, Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi. The Bourne Ultimatum is the third in the Bourne film series, being preceded by The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Supremacy. The fourth movie, The Bourne Legacy, was released in August 2012.\nMatt Damon reprises his role as Ludlum's signature character, former CIA assassin and psychogenic amnesiac Jason Bourne. In the film, he continues his search for information about his past before he was part of Operation Treadstone and becomes a target of a similar assassin program.\nThe Bourne Ultimatum was produced by Universal Pictures and was released on August 3, 2007, in North America, where it grossed $69.3 million in ticket sales in its first weekend of release, making it the highest August opening in the U.S. and Damon's highest-grossing film with him in the lead. The three films have been commercially successful and critically acclaimed and The Bourne Ultimatum won all three of its nominations for Academy Awards, winning the Best Film Editing, the Best Sound Mixing and the Best Sound Editing at the 80th Academy Awards.
/m/0m63c	The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 32nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa, and was influenced by the biblical tales of Joseph and Moses and the Shakespeare play Hamlet. The film was produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance. The Lion King was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff, produced by Don Hahn, and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts and Linda Woolverton. The film features a large ensemble voice cast led by Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Moira Kelly. It tells the story of Simba, a young lion who is to succeed his father, Mufasa, as king; however, after Simba's uncle Scar murders Mufasa, Simba is fooled into thinking he was responsible and flees into exile in shame and despair. Upon maturation living with two wastrels, Simba is given some valuable perspective from his friend, Nala, and his shaman, Rafiki, before returning to challenge Scar to end his tyranny.\nDevelopment of The Lion King began in 1988 during a meeting between Jeffrey Katzenberg, Roy E. Disney and Peter Schneider while promoting Oliver & Company in Europe. Thomas Disch wrote a film treatment, and Woolverton developed the first scripts while George Scribner was signed on as director, being later joined by Allers. Production began in 1991, with most of the animators inexperienced or uninterested in animals as most of the Disney team wanted to work on Pocahontas instead. Some time after the staff traveled to Hell's Gate National Park to research on the film's setting and animals, Scribner left production disagreeing with the decision to turn the film into a musical, and was replaced by Minkoff. When Hahn joined the project, he was dissatisfied with the script and the story was promptly rewritten. Nearly 20 minutes of animation sequences took place at Disney-MGM Studios in Florida. Computer animation was also used in several scenes, most notably in the wildebeest stampede scene.
/m/09v9mks	Bel Ami is a 2012 drama film starring Robert Pattinson, Uma Thurman, Kristin Scott Thomas, Christina Ricci and Colm Meaney. The film is directed by Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod and is based on the 1885 French novel of the same name by Guy de Maupassant.\nThe film had its world premiere out of competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival on 17 February 2012, and was released theatrically on 8 June 2012 by Magnolia Pictures. The film was budgeted at €9 million.
/m/02j490	Raymond Allen \"Ray\" Liotta is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Henry Hill in the crime-drama Goodfellas and for his role as Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams. He has won an Emmy Award and been nominated for Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards.
/m/02f6ym	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video is one of the original general awards that has been handed out every year since the first annual MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. In 2007, however, the award was briefly renamed Female Artist of the Year, and it awarded the artist's whole body of work for that year rather than a specific video. In 2008, though, the award returned to its original name. Madonna is this award's biggest winner and nominee, as three out of her twelve nominated videos have won this award. Also Katy Perry is the artist with the most nominations without winning, with 5 consecutive years without winning.
/m/0hcvy	Henry Graham Greene, OM, CH, was an English writer, playwright and literary critic. His works explore the ambivalent moral and political issues of the modern world. Greene was noted for his ability to combine serious literary acclaim with widespread popularity.\nAlthough Greene objected strongly to being described as a Roman Catholic novelist rather than as a novelist who happened to be Catholic, Catholic religious themes are at the root of much of his writing, especially the four major Catholic novels: Brighton Rock, The Power and the Glory, The Heart of the Matter and The End of the Affair. Several works such as The Confidential Agent, The Third Man, The Quiet American, Our Man in Havana and The Human Factor also show an avid interest in the workings of international politics and espionage.\nGreene suffered from bipolar disorder, which had a profound effect on his writing and personal life. In a letter to his wife Vivien, he told her that he had \"a character profoundly antagonistic to ordinary domestic life\", and that \"unfortunately, the disease is also one's material\". William Golding described Greene as \"the ultimate chronicler of twentieth-century man's consciousness and anxiety.\" Greene never received the Nobel Prize in Literature, though he finished runner-up to Ivo Andrić in 1961.
/m/0cwx_	Carnegie Mellon University is a private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.\nThe university began as the Carnegie Technical Schools founded by Andrew Carnegie in 1900. In 1912, the school became the Carnegie Institute of Technology and began granting four-year degrees. In 1967, the Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research to form Carnegie Mellon University. The university's 140-acre main campus is 3 miles from Downtown Pittsburgh and abuts the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, the main branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, Schenley Park, Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, and the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the city's Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods, partially extending into Shadyside.\nCarnegie Mellon has seven colleges and independent schools: the Carnegie Institute of Technology, College of Fine Arts, Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Mellon College of Science, Tepper School of Business, H. John Heinz III College and the School of Computer Science. Carnegie Mellon fields 17 varsity athletic teams as part of the University Athletic Association conference of the NCAA Division III.
/m/0m66w	Sarah Jessica Parker is an American actress, model, singer and producer.\nShe is known for her leading role as Carrie Bradshaw on the HBO television series Sex and the City, for which she won four Golden Globe Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, and two Emmy Awards. She played the same role in the 2008 feature film based on the show, Sex and the City: The Movie, and in its sequel, Sex and the City 2, which opened on May 26, 2010. Parker has also appeared in many other films.
/m/015ynm	Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated science fiction comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 21, 2002. The 42nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, it was written and directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois, and features the voices of Sanders, Daveigh Chase, Tia Carrere, David Ogden Stiers, Kevin McDonald, Ving Rhames, Jason Scott Lee, and Kevin Michael Richardson. Lilo & Stitch was the second of three Disney animated features produced primarily at the Florida animation studio located at Walt Disney World's Hollywood Studios in Orlando, Florida. The film received positive reviews and was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki's film, Spirited Away, which also starred Daveigh Chase and David Ogden Stiers.\nThe 2002 film eventually started a franchise: a direct-to-video sequel, Stitch! The Movie, was released on August 26, 2003. This was followed by a television series, Lilo & Stitch: The Series, which ran from September 20, 2003 to July 29, 2006. A second direct-to-video sequel, Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch, was released on August 30, 2005. A third and final direct-to-video sequel, Leroy & Stitch, was released on June 27, 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series. Unlike Lilo & Stitch, its sequel features and series were produced by Walt Disney Television Animation.
/m/0gmblvq	Game Change is a 2012 American HBO political drama film based on events of the 2008 United States presidential election campaign, directed by Jay Roach and written by Danny Strong, based on the 2010 book of the same name documenting the campaign by political journalists Mark Halperin and John Heilemann. The film stars Julianne Moore, Woody Harrelson and Ed Harris and focuses on the chapters about the selection and performance of Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin as running mate to Senator John McCain in the Republican presidential campaign.\nThe plot features a 2010 interview of the campaign's senior strategist Steve Schmidt, using flashbacks to portray McCain and Palin during their ultimately unsuccessful campaign. The film was well received by critics, with Moore's portrayal of Palin garnering praise. Schmidt praised the film. Palin and McCain described it as false and inaccurate, though neither chose to view it. Alessandra Stanley of the New York Times describes Moore's depiction of Palin as \"a sharp-edged but not unsympathetic portrait of a flawed heroine, colored more in pity than in admiration.\" Game Change has earned many awards, including a Critics' Choice Award, a Golden Nymph Award, three Golden Globe Awards, and five Primetime Emmy Awards.
/m/016xh5	Hugh John Mungo Grant is a British actor and film producer. He has received a Golden Globe, a BAFTA, and a Honorary César. His films have earned more than US$2.4 billion from 25 theatrical releases worldwide. Grant achieved international success after appearing in the Richard Curtis-scripted Four Weddings and a Funeral. He used this breakthrough role as a frequent cinematic persona during the 1990s, delivering comic performances in mainstream films like Mickey Blue Eyes and Notting Hill. By the turn of the 21st century, he had established himself as a leading man skilled with a satirical comic talent. Grant has expanded his oeuvre with critically acclaimed turns as a cad in Bridget Jones's Diary, About a Boy, and American Dreamz. He later played against type with multiple cameo roles in the epic drama film Cloud Atlas.\nWithin the film industry, Grant is cited as an anti-film star who approaches his roles like a character actor, and attempts to make his acting appear spontaneous. Hallmarks of his comic skills include a nonchalant touch of irony/sarcasm and studied physical mannerisms as well as his precisely-timed dialogue delivery and facial expressions. The entertainment media's coverage of Grant's life off the big screen has often overshadowed his work as a thespian. He has been vocal about his disrespect for the profession of acting, and in his disdain towards the culture of celebrity and hostility towards the media. In a career spanning 30 years, Grant has repeatedly claimed that acting is not a true calling but just a job he fell into.
/m/02rf1y	Jeffrey Duncan Jones is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Emperor Joseph II in Amadeus, Edward R. Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Charles Deetz in Beetlejuice. Jones' career started in Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis, Minnesota, advanced to London and Broadway, before leading to a series of character acting roles in film and television, which often capitalized on Jones' deadpan delivery of characters in unusual situations to comic effect.
/m/04xjp	Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra was a Spanish novelist, poet, and playwright. His magnum opus, Don Quixote, considered to be the first modern European novel, is a classic of Western literature, and is regarded amongst the best works of fiction ever written. His influence on the Spanish language has been so great that the language is often called la lengua de Cervantes. He was dubbed El Príncipe de los Ingenios.\nIn 1569, Cervantes moved to Rome where he worked as chamber assistant of Giulio Acquaviva, a wealthy priest who became a cardinal during the following year. By then, Cervantes had enlisted as a soldier in a Spanish Navy infantry regiment and continued his military life until 1575, when he was captured by Algerian corsairs. After five years of slavery he was released on ransom from his captors by his parents and the Trinitarians, a Catholic religious order. He subsequently returned to his family in Madrid.\nIn 1585, Cervantes published a pastoral novel named La Galatea. Because of financial problems, Cervantes worked as a purveyor for the Spanish Armada, and later as a tax collector. In 1597, discrepancies in his accounts of three years previous landed him in the Crown Jail of Seville. In 1605, he was in Valladolid, just when the immediate success of the first part of his Don Quixote, published in Madrid, signaled his return to the literary world. In 1607, he settled in Madrid, where he lived and worked until his death. During the last nine years of his life, Cervantes solidified his reputation as a writer; he published the Novelas ejemplares in 1613, the Journey to Parnassus in 1614, and in 1615, the Ocho comedias y ocho entremeses and the second part of Don Quixote. Carlos Fuentes noted that, \"Cervantes leaves open the pages of a book where the reader knows himself to be written.\"
/m/05drr9	Seth Adam Meyers is an American actor, voice actor, screenwriter, producer, television host and comedian. He is a former head writer for NBC's Saturday Night Live and hosted its news parody segment Weekend Update. Meyers currently hosts the talk show Late Night with Seth Meyers, which premiered on Monday February 24, 2014, on NBC.
/m/0j4q1	Bedford is the county town of Bedfordshire, in the East of England. It is the administrative centre for the wider Borough of Bedford. According to the former Bedfordshire County Council's estimates, the town had a population of 80,000 in mid-2005, with 19,720 in the adjacent town of Kempston. The Bedford Built-up Area which includes Kempston, Elstow and Biddenham forms the 69th largest Urban Area in England and Wales with a population of 106,940. The wider borough, including a rural area, had a population of 153,000.
/m/02f2p7	Charlotte Rampling, OBE, is an English actress. In a career spanning almost fifty years, she has appeared in English language, French and Italian cinema.\nRampling's film career began in 1965. Her films include Georgy Girl, Visconti's The Damned, The Night Porter, Farewell My Lovely, Woody Allen's Stardust Memories, Sidney Lumet's The Verdict, Angel Heart, The Duchess and Fred Schepisi's The Eye of the Storm.\nShe has been nominated four times for a Cesar Award, for On ne meurt que 2 fois, Sous le sable, Swimming Pool and Lemming and received an Honorary Cesar in 2001. She was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2001 and received France's Legion of Honour in 2002.\nShe was married for twenty years to the French composer, Jean-Michel Jarre.
/m/0c3jz	Thora Birch is an American actress. She got her first role at the age of 6 in the short-lived sitcom Day by Day, that performance was followed by an appearance in the motion picture Purple People Eater, for which she received a Young Artist Award for \"Best Young Actress Under Nine Years of Age\". Birch's profile was raised significantly with major parts in films such as All I Want for Christmas, Patriot Games, Hocus Pocus, Monkey Trouble, Now and Then, and Alaska.\nHer breakthrough role came in 1999 with the Academy Award winning film, American Beauty. Her performance was well received by both critics and audiences and brought Birch to international recognition. She later played the lead role in Ghost World for which she received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. She has since appeared in independent films such as Dark Corners, Train and Winter of Frozen Dreams.
/m/04h68j	James \"Jim\" Wong is a Hong Kong-born American television producer, writer, and film director notable for his screen works of The X-Files, Space: Above and Beyond, Millennium, Dragonball Evolution, Final Destination 1 & 3, The One, and the remakes of Willard and Black Christmas along with writing partner Glen Morgan.
/m/0bqvs2	Joseph Antonio Cartagena, better known by his stage name Fat Joe, is an American rapper. He is also the CEO of Terror Squad Entertainment, and member of musical groups D.I.T.C. and Terror Squad.\nFat Joe's first album was Represent, released in 1993, followed by Jealous One's Envy in 1995. From 1998 to 2006, he was signed to Atlantic Records, releasing four albums under the label, Don Cartagena in 1998, Jealous Ones Still Envy in 2001, Loyalty in 2002, and All or Nothing in 2005. Around the release of All or Nothing, Fat Joe became involved in a highly publicized feud with another New York City-based rapper 50 Cent, who attacked Fat Joe in his song \"Piggy Bank\". His most popular song in which he performed was his Remy Ma duet \"Lean Back\" with Terror Squad. The song was a number-one hit in the summer of 2004.\nStarting in 2006, when his album Me, Myself, & I was released, Fat Joe was signed to Imperial Records, which distributes through Terror Squad Entertainment. His follow up album wasThe Elephant in the Room, which was released in 2008; Jealous Ones Still Envy 2, the sequel to Jealous Ones Still Envy, was released in October 2009. His tenth album The Darkside Vol. 1 was released on July 27, 2010.
/m/099jhq	The Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Supporting Actor is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association at their annual Critics' Choice Movie Awards.
/m/01c6qp	The 41st Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24, 1999 at Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1998. Lauryn Hill was the main recipient, winning a total of 5 awards including Album of the Year and Best New Artist. Known as the \"Grammy Year of Women\", every artist nominated for Album of the Year were all female. Madonna won three awards while musicians the Dixie Chicks, Vince Gill, Alanis Morissette & Shania Twain won two apiece. Celine Dion also received two awards both for \"My Heart Will Go On\", which received a total of four awards. It is widely remembered for Ricky Martin's performance of \"La Copa De La Vida\"/ \"The Cup of Life\".
/m/0fr59	Cecil County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maryland. It was named for Cæcilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore, who was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland from 1632 until his death in 1675. The county seat is Elkton; the newspaper of record is the \"Cecil Whig\". As of the 2010 census, the population was 101,108.
/m/052gzr	Taylor Edwin Hackford is an American film director, and the former president of the Directors Guild of America.
/m/0l6mp	The 1988 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event celebrated from 17 September to 2 October 1988 in Seoul, South Korea. They were the second summer Olympic Games to be held in Asia and the first since the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan. They were also the fourth Olympic Games to be held in autumn.\nIn the Seoul Games, 159 nations were represented by a total of 8391 athletes: 6197 men and 2194 women. 263 events were held and 27,221 volunteers helped to prepare the Olympics. 11,331 media showed the Games all over the world.\nThese were the last Olympic Games for two of the world's \"dominating\" sport powers, the Soviet Union and East Germany, as both ceased to exist before the next Olympic Games.\nNorth Korea, still officially at war with South Korea, and its allies, Albania, Cuba, Madagascar, and Seychelles boycotted the games. For differing reasons, Ethiopia, Nicaragua, and Albania did not participate in the Games. However, the much larger boycotts seen in the previous three Summer Olympics were avoided, resulting in the largest ever number of participating nations at the time.
/m/07vjm	The University of California, San Diego, is a public research university located in La Jolla, California, in the United States. The university occupies 2,141 acres near the coast of the Pacific Ocean with the main campus resting on approximately 1,152 acres. Established in 1960 near the pre-existing Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UCSD is the seventh oldest of the 10 University of California campuses and offers over 200 undergraduate and graduate degree programs, enrolling about 22,700 undergraduate and 6,300 graduate students. UCSD is one of America's Public Ivy universities, which recognizes top public research universities in the United States. UC San Diego was ranked 39th among the top universities in the United States, tied for 3rd with UC Davis of the University of California schools, and 9th among public universities by U.S. News & World Report 's 2014 rankings.\nUC San Diego is organized into six undergraduate residential colleges, five graduate schools, and two professional medical schools. The university operates four research institutes, including the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology, San Diego Supercomputer Center, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and UC San Diego Health System, and is also affiliated with several regional research centers, such as the Salk Institute, the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute, the Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine, and the Scripps Research Institute. The university also houses two think tanks, the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation and Center for Comparative Immigration Studies. UC San Diego faculty, researchers, and alumni have won twenty Nobel Prizes, eight National Medals of Science, eight MacArthur Fellowships, two Pulitzer Prizes, and two Fields Medals. Additionally, of the current faculty, 29 have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, 95 to the National Academy of Sciences, and 106 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
/m/03t5b6	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance was awarded from 1991 to 2011, alongside the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group. Previously, a single award was presented for Best Rap Performance.\nIn 2003, this award was split into separate awards for Best Female Rap Solo Performance and Best Male Rap Solo Performance. In 2005, it was again presented as a single award.\nThe award will be permanently be discontinued in 2012 due to a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group rap performances will be shifted to the revived Best Rap Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released from October a year and a half prior to September the previous year.
/m/06q7n	A soap opera, or simply a soap, is a serial drama, on television or radio, that features related story lines dealing with the lives of multiple characters. The stories in these series typically focus heavily on emotional relationships to the point of melodrama. The name soap opera stems from the fact that many of the sponsors and producers of the original dramatic serials' broadcast on radio were soap manufacturers, such as Dial Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and Lever Brothers.
/m/03q43g	William Emerson \"Will\" Arnett is a Canadian actor, known for his comedic roles as George Oscar \"G.O.B.\" Bluth II in the Fox show Arrested Development, Devon Banks in the NBC show 30 Rock, Chris Brinkley in Up All Night and Nathan Miller in the CBS television series The Millers. He played supporting roles in the IFC series The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret and films such as Semi-Pro, Blades of Glory, RV, Hot Rod, Let's Go to Prison and The Brothers Solomon. Arnett is also a voice actor for commercials, animated films, television cartoons, and video games.
/m/0bvfqq	The 78th Academy Awards honored the best films of 2005 and were held on March 5, 2006, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, California. They were hosted by The Daily Show host Jon Stewart, with Tom Kane making his first appearance as the show's announcer. The ceremony was pushed back from its newly established February date because of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.\nThe nominees were announced on January 31 at 5:38 a.m. PST by Academy president Sid Ganis and actress Mira Sorvino, at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in the Academy's Beverly Hills headquarters.\nAng Lee's drama Brokeback Mountain had the most nominations of the year's films, receiving eight. Paul Haggis' Crash, George Clooney's Good Night, and Good Luck, and Rob Marshall's Memoirs of a Geisha each received six nominations.\nThe ceremony was remembered by many insiders and film critics for its nominations of independently financed, low-budget films. In addition, the subject matter of the nominated films focused on controversial political and social themes, such as racial relations and racism, homosexuality, transsexuality, McCarthyism, terrorism, assassination and petroleum politics.
/m/0dw4g	U2 are an Irish rock band from Dublin. Formed in 1976, the group consists of Bono, The Edge, Adam Clayton, and Larry Mullen, Jr.. U2's early sound was rooted in post-punk but eventually grew to incorporate influences from many genres of popular music. Throughout the group's musical pursuits, they have maintained a sound built on melodic instrumentals, highlighted by The Edge's timbrally varied guitar sounds and Bono's expressive vocals. Their lyrics, often embellished with spiritual imagery, focus on personal themes and sociopolitical concerns.\nU2 formed at Mount Temple Comprehensive School in 1976 when the members were teenagers with limited musical proficiency. Within four years, they signed with Island Records and released their debut album Boy. By the mid-1980s, they became a top international act. They were more successful as a touring act than they were at selling records, until their breakthrough 1987 album The Joshua Tree, which, according to Rolling Stone, elevated the band's stature \"from heroes to superstars\". Reacting to musical stagnation and criticism of their earnest image and musical direction in the late-1980s, the group reinvented themselves with their 1991 hit album Achtung Baby and the accompanying Zoo TV Tour; U2 integrated dance, industrial, and alternative rock influences into their sound, and embraced a more ironic and self-deprecating image. Similar experimentation continued for the remainder of the 1990s with varying levels of success. U2 regained critical and commercial favour in the 2000s with the records All That You Can't Leave Behind and How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb, which established a more conventional, mainstream sound for the group. Their U2 360° Tour from 2009–2011 was the highest-attended and highest-grossing concert tour in history.
/m/0gl6x	Imperial College London is a public research university located in London, England which specialises in science, engineering, medicine and business. A former constituent college of the federal University of London, it became fully independent on 9 July 2007, as part of the celebrations of its centenary.\nImperial's main campus is located in the South Kensington area of Central London, with additional campuses in Chelsea, Hammersmith, Paddington, Silwood Park and Wye College. Imperial has one of the largest estates of any higher education institution in the UK. Imperial is organised into four main faculties within which there are over 40 departments, institutes and research centres. Imperial has around 13,500 students and 3,330 academic and research staff and had a total income of £822 million in 2012/13, of which £329.5 million was from research grants and contracts.\nImperial is consistently ranked among the top universities in the world, ranking 5th in the world in the 2013 QS World University Rankings and 8th in the world in the 2012 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. In a corporate study carried out by The New York Times, its graduates were one of the most valued in the world. There are currently 15 Nobel laureates and two Fields Medalists amongst Imperial's alumni and current and former faculty.
/m/023v4_	Milena Markovna \"Mila\" Kunis is an American actress.\nIn 1991, at the age of seven, she moved from the Soviet Union to Los Angeles with her family. After being enrolled in acting classes as an after-school activity, she was soon discovered by an agent. She appeared in several television series and commercials, before acquiring her first significant role prior to her 15th birthday, playing Jackie Burkhart on the television series That '70s Show. In September 1999, she began voicing Meg Griffin on the animated series Family Guy.\nHer breakout film role came in 2008, playing Rachel Jansen in Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Subsequent film roles included Mona Sax in Max Payne, Solara in The Book of Eli, Jamie in Friends with Benefits, Lori in the comedy Ted, and Theodora in Oz the Great and Powerful. Her performance as Lily in Black Swan gained her worldwide accolades, including receiving the Premio Marcello Mastroianni for Best Young Actor or Actress at the 67th Venice International Film Festival, and nominations for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.
/m/02l0sf	Ann Sothern was an American stage, radio, film and television actress whose career spanned six decades.\nSothern began her career in the late 1920s doing bit parts in films. In 1930, she made her Broadway stage debut and soon worked her way up to starring roles. In 1939, MGM cast her as Maisie Ravier, a brash yet lovable Brooklyn showgirl. The character proved to be popular and spawned a successful film series and a network radio series.\nIn 1953, Sothern moved into television as the star of her own sitcom Private Secretary. The series aired for five seasons on CBS and earned Sothern three Primetime Emmy Award nominations. In 1958, she starred in another sitcom for CBS, The Ann Sothern Show which aired for three seasons. From 1965 to 1966, Sothern provided the voice of Gladys Crabtree, the titular character in the sitcom My Mother the Car. She continued her career throughout the late 1960s with stage and film appearances and guest-starring roles on television. Due to health issues, she worked sporadically during the 1970s and 1980s.\nIn 1987, Sothern appeared in her final film The Whales of August, starring Bette Davis and Lillian Gish. Sothern earned her first and only Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film. After filming concluded, she retired to Ketchum, Idaho where she spent her remaining years before her death from heart failure in March 2001.
/m/01_j71	Doris Roberts is an American character actress of film, stage, and television. She has received five Emmy Awards during her acting career, which began in 1952. She is perhaps best known for her role as Marie Barone on Everybody Loves Raymond.
/m/05mkhs	Emile Davenport Hirsch is an American television and film actor. He began performing in the late 1990s, appearing in several television films and series, and became known as a film actor after roles in Lords of Dogtown, The Emperor's Club, The Girl Next Door, Alpha Dog, and the Sean Penn-directed film Into the Wild. In 2008, Hirsch starred in Speed Racer and Milk. His most recent films include Taking Woodstock, The Darkest Hour, Oliver Stone's Savages, David Gordon Green's Prince Avalanche, which premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and co-stars Paul Rudd, and Lone Survivor co-starring Mark Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Eric Bana, and Ben Foster. He participated in \"Summit on the Summit\", an expedition to the top of Mount Kilimanjaro to raise awareness of the need for clean water in the world.
/m/07c72	The Simpsons is an American adult animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series is a satirical parody of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its family of the same name, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie. The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield and parodies American culture, society, television, and many aspects of the human condition.\nThe family was conceived by Groening shortly before a solicitation for a series of animated shorts with the producer James L. Brooks. Groening created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, substituting Bart for his own name. The shorts became a part of The Tracey Ullman Show on April 19, 1987. After a three-season run, the sketch was developed into a half-hour prime time show and was an early hit for Fox, becoming the network's first series to land in the Top 30 ratings in a season.\nSince its debut on December 17, 1989, the show has broadcast 541 episodes and the 25th season began on September 30, 2013. The Simpsons is the longest-running American sitcom, the longest-running American animated program, and in 2009 it surpassed Gunsmoke as the longest-running American primetime, scripted television series. The Simpsons Movie, a feature-length film, was released in theaters worldwide on July 26 and 27, 2007, and grossed over $527 million.
/m/05w3f	Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music that is inspired or influenced by psychedelic culture and attempts to replicate and enhance the mind-altering experiences of psychedelic drugs. It often uses new recording techniques and effects and draws on non-Western sources such as the ragas and drones of Indian music.\nIt was pioneered by musicians including the Beatles, the Byrds, and the Yardbirds, emerging as a genre during the mid-1960s among folk rock and blues rock bands in the United Kingdom and United States, such as Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Cream, the Doors and Pink Floyd. It reached a peak in between 1967 and 1969 with the Summer of Love and Woodstock Rock Festival, respectively, becoming an international musical movement and associated with a widespread counterculture, before beginning a decline as changing attitudes, the loss of some key individuals and a back-to-basics movement, led surviving performers to move into new musical areas.\nPsychedelic rock influenced the creation of psychedelic pop and psychedelic soul. It also bridged the transition from early blues- and folk music-based rock to progressive rock, glam rock, hard rock and as a result influenced the development of sub-genres such as heavy metal. Since the late 1970s it has been revived in various forms of neo-psychedelia.
/m/0kz10	Intelligent dance music is a form of electronic music that emerged in the early 1990s. It was originally influenced by developments in underground dance music such as Detroit techno and various breakbeat styles that were emerging in the UK at that time. Stylistically, IDM tended to rely upon individualistic experimentation rather than adhering to musical characteristics associated with specific genres of dance music. The range of post-techno styles to emerge in the early 1990s were described variously as \"art techno\", \"ambient techno\", \"intelligent techno\", and \"electronica\". In the United States, the latter is often used as a catchall term to describe not only downtempo or downbeat/non-dance electronic music but also EDM.\nThe term \"IDM\" is said to have originated in the United States in 1993 with the formation of the \"IDM list\", an electronic mailing list originally chartered for the discussion of music by a number of prominent English artists, especially those appearing on a 1992 Warp Records compilation called Artificial Intelligence.\nUsage of the term \"intelligent dance music\" has been criticised by electronic musicians such as Aphex Twin as derogatory towards other styles and is seen by artists such as Mike Paradinas as being particular to the U.S.
/m/027kmrb	Steven \"Steve\" Tisch is an American businessman. He is the chairman and Executive Vice President of the New York Giants, the NFL team co-owned by his family, as well as a film and television producer. He is the son of former Giants co-owner Bob Tisch.
/m/0d4fqn	Jay Steven Kogen is an American comedy writer.
/m/02v570	Fahrenheit 9/11 is a 2004 documentary film by American filmmaker and director and political commentator Michael Moore. The film takes a critical look at the presidency of George W. Bush, the War on Terror, and its coverage in the news media. The film is the highest grossing documentary of all time.\nIn the film, Moore contends that American corporate media were \"cheerleaders\" for the 2003 invasion of Iraq and did not provide an accurate or objective analysis of the rationale for the war or the resulting casualties there. The film generated intense controversy, including disputes over its accuracy.\nThe film debuted at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival in the documentary film category and received a 20 minute standing ovation, among the longest standing ovations in the festival's history. The film was also awarded the Palme d'Or, the festival's highest award.\nThe title of the film alludes to Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel Fahrenheit 451, a dystopian view of the future United States, drawing an analogy between the autoignition temperature of paper and the date of the September 11 attacks; the film's tagline is \"The Temperature at Which Freedom Burns.\"
/m/01lbp	Tara Leigh Patrick, better known by her stage name Carmen Electra, is an American glamour model, actress, television personality, singer, and dancer. She gained fame for her appearances in Playboy magazine, on the MTV game show Singled Out, on the TV series Baywatch, and dancing with the Pussycat Dolls, and has since had roles in the parody films Scary Movie, Date Movie, Epic Movie, Meet the Spartans, and Disaster Movie.
/m/0d0vqn	Sweden, officially the Kingdom of Sweden, is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe. Sweden borders Norway and Finland, and is connected to Denmark by a bridge-tunnel across the Øresund.\nAt 450,295 square kilometres, Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, with a total population of about 9.6 million. Sweden has a low population density of 21 inhabitants per square kilometre with the population mostly concentrated to the southern half of the country. About 85% of the population live in urban areas. Sweden's capital city is Stockholm, which is also the largest city. Since the early 19th century Sweden has generally been at peace and has largely avoided war.\nToday, Sweden is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy form of government and a highly developed economy. Sweden has the world's eighth-highest per capita income. In 2013, it ranked second in the world on the Democracy Index, seventh on the 2013 United Nations' Human Development Index, second on the 2013 OECD Better Life Index and fourth on the 2013 Legatum Prosperity Index.
/m/01qb5d	X2 is a 2003 American superhero film, based on the fictional characters the X-Men. Directed by Bryan Singer, it is the second film in the X-Men film series. It stars an ensemble cast including Patrick Stewart, Hugh Jackman, Ian McKellen, Alan Cumming, Famke Janssen, Anna Paquin, Shawn Ashmore, Aaron Stanford, Brian Cox, Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, James Marsden, Halle Berry and Kelly Hu. The plot, inspired by the graphic novel God Loves, Man Kills, pits the X-Men and their enemies, the Brotherhood, against the genocidal Colonel William Stryker. He leads an assault on Professor Xavier's school to build his own version of Xavier's mutant-tracking computer Cerebro, in order to destroy every mutant on Earth.\nDevelopment on X2 began shortly after X-Men. David Hayter and Zak Penn wrote separate scripts, combining what they felt to be the best elements of both scripts into one screenplay. Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris were eventually hired for rewrite work, changing characterizations of Beast, Angel and Lady Deathstrike. Sentinels and the Danger Room were set to appear before being deleted because of budget concerns. Filming began in June 2002 and ended that November. Most of the filming took place at Vancouver Film Studios, the largest production facility outside of Los Angeles in North America. Production designer Guy Hendrix Dyas adapted similar designs by John Myhre from the previous film. X2 was released in the United States on May 2, 2003 and became both a critical and financial success, earning eight nominations at the Saturn Awards and grossing approximately $407 million worldwide.
/m/01wskg	Robert Oliver Reed was an English actor known for his burly screen presence. Reed exemplified his real-life macho image in \"tough guy\" roles. His films include The Trap, Oliver!, Women in Love, Hannibal Brooks, The Devils, The Three Musketeers, Tommy, Castaway, Lion of the Desert and Gladiator. At the peak of his career, in 1971, British exhibitors voted Reed 5th most popular star at the box office.
/m/01nd2c	1. Fußball-Club Kaiserslautern e. V., also known as 1. FCK, FCK or simply 1. FC Kaiserslautern, is a German association football club based in Kaiserslautern, Rhineland-Palatinate. On 2 June 1900, Germania 1896 and FG Kaiserslautern merged to create FC 1900. In 1909, the club went on to join FC Palatia and FC Bavaria to form FV 1900 Kaiserslautern. In 1929 they merged with SV Phönix to become FV Phönix-Kaiserslautern before finally taking on their current name three years later.\nKaiserslautern have won four German football championships, two DFB-Pokals, and one DFL-Supercup. Since 1920, Kaiserslautern's stadium is the Fritz-Walter-Stadion.
/m/06yrj6	Tim Kaiser is a television producer who has worked on such shows as Seinfeld, including the famous \"Soup Nazi\" episode, as well as Will and Grace. He also produces $#!T my dad says.\nKaiser is a native of Pittsburgh who graduated in 1981 from Riverview High School and in 1985 graduated from Westminster College.
/m/0163v	Belarus, officially the Republic of Belarus, is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast, Ukraine to the south, Poland to the west, and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest. Its capital is Minsk; other major cities include Brest, Hrodna, Homiel, Mahilyow and Vitsebsk. Over forty percent of its 207,600 square kilometres is forested, and its strongest economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing.\nUntil the 20th century, the lands of modern-day Belarus belonged to several countries, including the Principality of Polotsk, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and the Russian Empire. In the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, Belarus became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. Much of the borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939 when some lands of the Second Polish Republic were incorporated into it after the Soviet invasion of Poland and were finalized after World War II. The nation and its territory were devastated in World War II, during which Belarus lost about a third of its population and more than half of its economic resources. The republic was redeveloped in the post-war years. In 1945, the Belorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations, along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR.
/m/03hvk2	Ohio Wesleyan University is a private liberal arts college in Delaware, Ohio, United States. It was founded in 1842 by Methodist leaders and Central Ohio residents as a nonsectarian institution, and is a member of the Ohio Five — a consortium of Ohio liberal arts colleges. Ohio Wesleyan has always admitted students irrespective of religion or race and maintained that the university \"is forever to be conducted on the most liberal principles.\" In this capacity, Ohio Wesleyan has espoused internationalism and community activism.\nThe 200-acre site is 27 miles north of Columbus, Ohio. It includes the main academic and residential campus, the Perkins Observatory, and the Kraus Wilderness Preserve.\nIn 2010, Ohio Wesleyan had the eleventh highest percentage of international students among liberal arts colleges for the seventeenth straight year. U.S. News & World Report ranked Ohio Wesleyan in tier 1 among U.S. liberal arts colleges in its 2010 edition. Notable alumni include former U.S. Vice President Charles W. Fairbanks, First Lady Lucy Webb Hayes, theologian and author Norman Vincent Peale, baseball executive Branch Rickey, and Nobel Laureate Frank Sherwood Rowland.
/m/0gr4k	The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is one of the Academy Awards, the most prominent film awards in the United States. It is awarded each year to the writer of a screenplay adapted from another source. All sequels are automatically considered adaptations by this standard.
/m/0pkyh	Robert Anthony Plant, CBE is an English musician, singer and songwriter. Best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the rock band Led Zeppelin, he has also had a successful solo career. With a career spanning more than 40 years and possessing a powerful wide vocal range, Plant is regarded as one of the greatest singers in the history of rock and roll, and has influenced contemporaries and later singers such as Freddie Mercury, Axl Rose and Chris Cornell. In 2006, heavy metal magazine Hit Parader named Plant the \"Greatest Metal Vocalist of All Time\". In 2009, Plant was voted \"the greatest voice in rock\" in a poll conducted by Planet Rock. In 2008, Rolling Stone editors ranked him number 15 on their list of the 100 greatest singers of all time. In 2011, readers of Rolling Stone placed Plant in first place of the magazine's list of the best lead singers of all time.
/m/01r93l	David Jude Heyworth Law, known professionally as Jude Law, is an English actor, film producer and director.\nHe began acting with the National Youth Music Theatre in 1987, and had his first television role in 1989. After starring in films directed by Andrew Niccol, Clint Eastwood and David Cronenberg, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1999 for his performance in Anthony Minghella's The Talented Mr. Ripley. In 2000 he won a Best Supporting Actor BAFTA Award for his work in the film. In 2003, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in another Minghella film, Cold Mountain. He is also known for his role as Dr. John Watson in the 2009 film Sherlock Holmes and its 2011 sequel, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows.\nIn 2006, he was ranked as one of the top ten most bankable film stars in Hollywood. In 2007, he received an Honorary César and was named a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government. He was a member of the main competition jury at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/01q415	Larry Jeff McMurtry is an American novelist, essayist, bookseller and screenwriter whose work is predominantly set in either the old West or in contemporary Texas. He is known for his 1975 novel Terms of Endearment, his 1985 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Lonesome Dove, a historical saga that follows ex-Texas Rangers as they drive their cattle from the Rio Grande to a new home in the frontier of Montana, and for co-writing the adapted screenplay for Brokeback Mountain. Lonesome Dove was adapted into a television miniseries and both the films of Terms of Endearment and Brokeback Mountain won Academy Awards.
/m/0n2q0	Cuyahoga County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. It is the most populous county in Ohio; according to the 2010 census, it has a population of 1,280,122 which is a decrease of 8.2% from 1,393,978 in 2000. Its county seat is Cleveland. Cuyahoga County is part of Greater Cleveland, a metropolitan area, and Northeast Ohio, a thirteen-county region, joined together in economic development initiatives. The county is named after the Iroquoian word Cuyahoga, which means 'crooked river'. The name is also assigned to the Cuyahoga River, which bisects the county. Former U.S. President James A. Garfield was born in what was Cuyahoga County's Orange Township.
/m/030ykh	The Bridgeport Sound Tigers are a professional ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League. It has been the AHL affiliate of the National Hockey League's New York Islanders, who also own the franchise, since its inception, and use the same team colors as the parent Islanders do. The team is based in Bridgeport, Connecticut and play their home games at the Webster Bank Arena. The \"Sound\" in the team name is a reference to the Long Island Sound to the south of Bridgeport.
/m/01flzq	Hardcore hip hop is a form of hip hop music that developed through the East Coast hip hop scene in the 1980s. Pioneered by such artists as Run-D.M.C., Schoolly D, Spoonie Gee, Boogie Down Productions, Public Enemy, The Earl, Kool G Rap, and Nas, it is generally characterized by anger, aggression, and confrontation.
/m/02bkg	Diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard, sometimes while performing acrobatics. Diving is an internationally-recognized sport that is part of the Olympic Games. In addition, unstructured and non-competitive diving is a recreational pastime.\nDiving is one of the most popular Olympic sports with spectators. Competitors possess many of the same characteristics as gymnasts and dancers, including strength, flexibility, kinaesthetic judgment and air awareness. Some professional divers were originally gymnasts or dancers as both the sports have similar characteristics to diving.
/m/06wxw	St. Louis is an independent city and a major United States port on the eastern line of the state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, the population was 319,294, and a 2012 estimate put the population at 318,172, making it the 58th-largest U.S. city in 2012. The metropolitan St. Louis area, known as Greater St. Louis, is the 19th-largest metropolitan area in the United States with a population of 2,900,605.\nThe city of St. Louis was founded in 1764 by Pierre Laclède and Auguste Chouteau, and named for Louis IX of France. After the Louisiana Purchase, it became a major port on the Mississippi River; in the late 19th century, it became the fourth-largest city in the United States. It seceded from St. Louis County in March 1877, allowing it to become an independent city and limiting its political boundaries. In 1904, it hosted the Louisiana Purchase Exposition and the 1904 Summer Olympics. The city's population peaked in 1950, then began a long decline that continues in the 21st century. Immigration has increased, and it is the center of the largest Bosnian population in the world outside their homeland.\nThe economy of St. Louis relies on service, manufacturing, trade, transportation of goods, and tourism. The city is home to several corporations, including Peabody Energy, Ameren, Ralcorp and Sigma-Aldrich. St. Louis is home to three professional sports teams: the St. Louis Cardinals, one of the most successful Major League Baseball clubs, the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League, and the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League. The city is commonly identified with the Gateway Arch, part of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in downtown St. Louis.
/m/0ckrgs	Sailor Moon S: The Movie, known in Japan as Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon S: The Movie, is a 1994 Japanese animated film directed by Hiroki Shibata and written by Sukehiro Tomita. It is the second film in the Sailor Moon series. The English dub is called Sailor Moon S the Movie: Hearts in Ice. The film is adapted from a side story of the original manga series created by Naoko Takeuchi, The Lover of Princess Kaguya. The storyline is loosely based on The Snow Queen fairytale.\nThe Japanese version was released on December 4, 1994, around the same time as the third arc of the Sailor Moon anime, Sailor Moon S. The events portrayed seem to take place during approximately the same time period - presumably during the mid-to-late episodes of the third season, which explains why Hotaru Tomoe and the spirit of Sailor Saturn do not appear.
/m/0ccck7	To Kill a Mockingbird is a 1962 American drama adaptation of Harper Lee's novel of the same name, directed by Robert Mulligan. It stars Gregory Peck in the role of Atticus Finch and Mary Badham in the role of Scout.\nThe film, widely considered to be one of the greatest ever made, earned an overwhelmingly positive response from critics, and was a box office success as well, earning more than 10 times its budget. In 1995, the film was listed in the National Film Registry. It also ranks twenty-fifth on the American Film Institute's 10th anniversary list of the greatest American movies of all time. In 2003, AFI named Atticus Finch the greatest movie hero of the 20th century.\nTo Kill a Mockingbird marks the film debuts of Robert Duvall, William Windom, and Alice Ghostley.
/m/0797c7	Citadel Broadcasting Corporation was a Las Vegas, Nevada-based broadcast holding company. Citadel owned 243 radio stations across the United States and was the third-largest radio station owner in the country. Only Clear Channel Communications and Cumulus Media owned more stations prior to Citadel's merger with Cumulus.\nOn March 10, 2011, Cumulus Media announced that it would purchase Citadel Broadcasting. After receiving conditional regulatory approval from the Department of Justice and the Federal Communications Commission, the deal was approved by Citadel shareholders on September 15, 2011. The merger of the two companies closed on September 16, 2011, and Citadel became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cumulus Media.
/m/01wkmgb	Bret Michael Sychak, professionally known as Bret Michaels, is an American singer-songwriter, musician, actor, director, screenwriter, producer, and reality television personality. He first gained fame as the lead vocalist of the glam metal band Poison who have sold over 30 million records worldwide and 15 million records in the United States alone. The band has also charted ten singles to the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100, including six Top 10 singles and the number-one single, \"Every Rose Has Its Thorn\".\nBesides his career as lead singer, he has several solo albums to his credit, including a soundtrack album to the movie A Letter from Death Row in which Michaels starred, wrote and directed in 1998, and a classic Poison-style rock album, Songs of Life, in 2003. Michaels has appeared in several movies and TV shows, including as a judge on the talent show Nashville Star which led to his country influenced rock album Freedom of Sound in 2005. He starred in the hit VH1 reality show Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and its sequels, which inspired his successful solo album Rock My World. He was also the winning contestant on NBC's reality show Celebrity Apprentice 3 and also featured in his own reality docu-series Bret Michaels: Life As I Know It, which inspired his highest charting album as a solo artist, Custom Built, reaching No. 1 on Billboard's Hard Rock list. He is also known for hosting on the Travel Channel.
/m/02wgbb	The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas is a 2000 American family-romantic comedy film and prequel to 1994's The Flintstones based on the 1960s cartoon series of the same name, produced by Amblin Entertainment and Hanna-Barbera and distributed by Universal Pictures. Set before the Flintstones and Rubbles were married and had kids and the events of the first film, it featured very few of the original cast. Despite slightly more positive reviews than the first film, Viva Rock Vegas bombed at the box office.\nAnn-Margret, who appeared as 'Ann-Margrock' in the original television series, sings the theme song, which is a slightly rewritten version of the theme song from Viva Las Vegas.
/m/05g7q	Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary, politician, and philanthropist who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999. He was South Africa's first black chief executive, and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election. His government focused on dismantling the legacy of apartheid through tackling institutionalised racism, poverty and inequality, and fostering racial reconciliation. Politically an African nationalist and democratic socialist, he served as President of the African National Congress from 1991 to 1997. Internationally, Mandela was Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement from 1998 to 1999.\nA Xhosa born to the Thembu royal family, Mandela attended the Fort Hare University and the University of Witwatersrand, where he studied law. Living in Johannesburg, he became involved in anti-colonial politics, joining the ANC and becoming a founding member of its Youth League. After the South African National Party came to power in 1948, he rose to prominence in the ANC's 1952 Defiance Campaign, was appointed superintendent of the organisation's Transvaal chapter and presided over the 1955 Congress of the People. Working as a lawyer, he was repeatedly arrested for seditious activities and, with the ANC leadership, was unsuccessfully prosecuted in the Treason Trial from 1956 to 1961. Influenced by Marxism, he secretly joined the South African Communist Party and sat on its Central Committee. Although initially committed to non-violent protest, in association with the SACP he co-founded the militant Umkhonto we Sizwe in 1961, leading a sabotage campaign against the apartheid government. In 1962, he was arrested, convicted of conspiracy to overthrow the state, and sentenced to life imprisonment in the Rivonia Trial.
/m/0dwvl	The celesta or celeste is a struck idiophone operated by a keyboard. It looks similar to an upright piano, or a large wooden music box. The keys connect to hammers that strike a graduated set of metal plates suspended over wooden resonators. Four- or five-octave models usually have a pedal that sustains or dampens the sound. The three-octave instruments do not have a pedal because of their small \"table-top\" design. One of the best-known works that uses the celesta is Tchaikovsky's \"Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy\" from The Nutcracker.\nThe sound of the celesta is similar to that of the glockenspiel, but with a much softer and more subtle timbre. This quality gave the instrument its name, celeste meaning \"heavenly\" in French.\nThe celesta is a transposing instrument; it sounds an octave higher than the written pitch. Its sounding range is generally considered as C4 to C8, where C4 = middle C. The original French instrument had a five-octave range, but because the lowest octave was considered somewhat unsatisfactory, it was omitted from later models. The standard French four-octave instrument is now gradually being replaced in symphony orchestras by a larger, five-octave German model. Although it is a member of the percussion family, in orchestral terms it is more properly considered as a member of the keyboard section and usually played by a keyboardist. The celesta part is normally written on two bracketed staves, called a grand staff.
/m/03q8xj	The Motorcycle Diaries is a 2004 biopic about the journey and written memoir of the 23-year-old Ernesto Guevara, who would several years later become internationally known as the iconic Marxist guerrilla commander and revolutionary Che Guevara. The film recounts the 1952 expedition, initially by motorcycle, across South America by Guevara and his friend Alberto Granado. As the adventure, initially centered around youthful hedonism, unfolds, Guevara discovers himself transformed by his observations on the life of the impoverished indigenous peasantry. Through the characters they encounter on their continental trek, Guevara and Granado witness firsthand the injustices that the destitute face and are exposed to people and social classes they would have never encountered otherwise. To their surprise, the road presents to them both a genuine and captivating picture of Latin American identity. As a result, the trip also plants the initial seed of cognitive dissonance and radicalization within Guevara, who ostensibly would later view armed revolution as a way to challenge the continent's endemic economic inequalities.\nThe screenplay is based primarily on Guevara's travelogue of the same name, with additional context supplied by Traveling with Che Guevara: The Making of a Revolutionary by Alberto Granado. Guevara is played by Mexican actor Gael García Bernal, and Granado by the Argentine actor Rodrigo de la Serna, who coincidentally is a second cousin to the real life Guevara on his maternal side. Directed by Brazilian director Walter Salles and written by Puerto Rican playwright José Rivera, the film was an international co-production among production companies from Argentina, the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, Chile, Peru and France. The film's executive producers were Robert Redford, Paul Webster, and Rebecca Yeldham; the producers were Edgard Tenenbaum, Michael Nozik, and Karen Tenkoff; and the co-producers were Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky.
/m/03m_k0	Alan E. Ball is an American writer, director, and producer for television, film, and theatre.\nHe is particularly notable for writing American Beauty, True Blood and for creating Six Feet Under, work which earned him an Academy Award, an Emmy, and awards from the Writers, Directors, and Producers Guilds.
/m/082fr	West Germany is the common English name for the Federal Republic of Germany or FRG in the period between its creation in May 1949 to German reunification on 3 October 1990. This period is referred to as the Bonn Republic by historians.\nDuring this period, the NATO-aligned West Germany and the socialist East Germany were divided by the Inner German border. After 1961, West Berlin was physically separated from East Berlin as well as from East Germany by the Berlin Wall. This situation ended when East Germany was dissolved and its five states joined the ten states of the Federal Republic of Germany along with the reunified city-state of Berlin. The enlarged Federal Republic of Germany with sixteen states is thus the continuation of the pre-1990 Federal Republic of Germany.\nThe Federal Republic of Germany was established from eleven states formed in the three Allied Zones of occupation held by the United States, the United Kingdom and France. Its population grown from roughly 51 million in 1950 to more than 63 million in 1990. The city of Bonn was its de facto capital city. The fourth Allied occupation zone was held by the Soviet Union. The parts of this zone lying east of the Oder-Neisse were in fact annexed by the Soviet Union and communist Poland; the remaining central part around Berlin became the communist German Democratic Republic with its de facto capital in East Berlin. As a result, West Germany had a territory about half the size of the interwar democratic Weimar Republic.
/m/025twgt	From Russia with Love is the second James Bond film made by Eon Productions and the second to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Released in 1963, the film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, and directed by Terence Young. It is based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. In the film, James Bond is sent to assist in the defection of Soviet consulate clerk Tatiana Romanova in Turkey, where SPECTRE plans to avenge Bond's killing of Dr. No.\nFollowing the success of Dr. No, United Artists approved a sequel and doubled the budget available for the producers. In addition to filming on location in Turkey, the action scenes were shot at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire and in Scotland. Production ran over budget and schedule, and had to rush to finish by its scheduled October 1963 release date. From Russia with Love was a critical and commercial success, taking over $78 million in worldwide box office receipts, more than its predecessor Dr. No.
/m/02lk95	Samuel Timothy \"Tim\" McGraw is an American singer, songwriter and actor. Many of McGraw's albums and singles have topped the country music charts with total album sales in excess of 40 million units in the US, making him the eighth best-selling artist, and the third best-selling country singer, in the Soundscan era. He is married to country singer Faith Hill and is the son of the late baseball player Tug McGraw.\nMcGraw had 11 consecutive albums debut at Number One on the Billboard albums charts. Twenty-five singles hit No. 1 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart. He has won three Grammys, 14 Academy of Country Music awards, 11 Country Music Association awards, 10 American Music Awards, and three People's Choice Awards. His Soul2Soul II Tour with Faith Hill is the highest grossing tour in country music history, and one of the top five among all genres of music.\nMcGraw has ventured into acting, with supporting roles in The Blind Side, Friday Night Lights, The Kingdom, and Four Christmases, and lead roles in Flicka and Country Strong. He was a minority owner of the Arena Football League's Nashville Kats. Taylor Swift's debut single, \"Tim McGraw\", refers to him and his song, \"Can't Tell Me Nothin'\".
/m/04jn6y7	Edge of Darkness is a 2010 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and also produced by Michael Wearing, starring Mel Gibson.\nIt was based on the 1985 BBC television series Edge of Darkness. This was Gibson's first screen lead since Signs, which was released in late 2002.\nEdge of Darkness follows a detective investigating the murder of his activist daughter, while uncovering political conspiracies and cover-ups in the process.
/m/087lqx	Pre-Code Hollywood refers to the era in the American film industry between the introduction of sound in the late 1920s and the enforcement of the Motion Picture Production Code censorship guidelines. Although the Code was adopted in 1930, oversight was poor and it did not become rigorously enforced until July 1, 1934. Before that date, movie content was restricted more by local laws, negotiations between the Studio Relations Committee and the major studios, and popular opinion, than strict adherence to the Hays Code, which was often ignored by Hollywood filmmakers.\nAs a result, films in the late 1920s and early 1930s included sexual innuendo, miscegenation, profanity, illegal drug use, promiscuity, prostitution, infidelity, abortion, intense violence, and homosexuality. Strong women dominated films such as Female, Baby Face, and Red-Headed Woman. Gangsters in films like The Public Enemy, Little Caesar, and Scarface were seen by many as heroic rather than evil. Along with featuring stronger female characters, films examined female subject matters that would not be revisited until decades later in American films. Nefarious characters were seen to profit from their deeds, in some cases without significant repercussions, and drug use was a topic of several films. Many of Hollywood's biggest stars such as Clark Gable, Barbara Stanwyck, and Edward G. Robinson got their start in the era. Other stars who excelled during this period, however, like Ruth Chatterton and Warren William, would wind up essentially forgotten by the general public within a generation.
/m/0d3k14	John Fitzgerald Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963), also referred to as John F. Kennedy, JFK, John Kennedy or Jack Kennedy, was the 35th President of the United States. He served from 1961 until his assassination in 1963. Major events during his presidency include the Bay of Pigs Invasion, the Cuban Missile Crisis, the building of the Berlin Wall, the Space Race, the American Civil Rights Movement and early events of the Vietnam War.\n\nJohn F. Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas, United States. Lee Harvey Oswald was charged with the crime, but was himself murdered two days later by Jack Ruby before Oswald could be put on trial. The Warren Commission concluded that Oswald had acted alone in killing the president. However, the House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded in 1979 that there may have been a conspiracy. For the public at large, the entire subject remains controversial and shrouded in mystery with multiple allegation theories. The assassination itself proved to be a defining moment in U.S. History due to its traumatic impact on the psyche\nof the nation and its ensuing political fallout; a historical fallout\nthat influenced, and continues to influence, the temperament of\nAmerican society. President Kennedy is now regarded as an icon of\nAmerican hopes and aspirations to every new generation of Americans.
/m/054ky1	The Cecil B. DeMille Award is an honorary Golden Globe Award bestowed by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for \"outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment\". It was first presented on February 21, 1952 at the 9th Annual Golden Globe Awards ceremony and is named in honor of its first recipient, director Cecil B. DeMille. Honorees are selected by the HFPA board of directors and are presented annually. The first woman to receive the honor was Judy Garland in 1962 who, at 39 years of age, was also the youngest honoree ever to receive the award, while Samuel Goldwyn, at the age of 90, in 1973, was the oldest.
/m/025vl4m	Robert Guza Jr. is an American television writer and producer, and formerly held the position as Head Writer on the long running ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital.
/m/0dzf_	Robin McLaurin Williams is an American actor, voice actor, and stand-up comedian. Rising to fame with his role as the alien Mork in the TV series Mork & Mindy, Williams went on to establish a successful career in both stand-up comedy and feature film acting. His film career includes such acclaimed films as Good Morning, Vietnam, Dead Poets Society, Awakenings, The Fisher King, and Good Will Hunting, as well as financial successes such as Popeye, Hook, Aladdin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Jumanji, The Birdcage, Night at the Museum, and Happy Feet. He also appeared in the video to \"Don't Worry, Be Happy\" by Bobby McFerrin.\nNominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor three times, Williams went on to receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Good Will Hunting. He has also received two Emmy Awards, four Golden Globes, two Screen Actors Guild Awards and five Grammy Awards.
/m/05w1vf	Stephen Harold Tobolowsky is an American actor and author. He played annoying insurance salesman Ned Ryerson in the Bill Murray film, Groundhog Day, as well as such television characters as Commissioner Hugo Jarry in Deadwood and Bob Bishop in Heroes. He has had recurring roles as Sandy Ryerson on Glee, and as Stu Beggs on Californication.\nIn addition to acting, Tobolowsky does an audio podcast about once a month of autobiographical stories of his acting and personal life. He has also authored The Dangerous Animals Club and Cautionary Tales based on these original stories.
/m/031hcx	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a 2007 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the fifth instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Michael Goldenberg and produced by David Heyman and David Barron. The story follows Harry Potter's fifth year at Hogwarts as the Ministry of Magic is in denial of Lord Voldemort's return. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire and is followed by Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.\nLive-action filming took place in England and Scotland for exterior locations and Leavesden Film Studios in Watford for interior locations from February to November 2006, with a one-month break in June. Post-production on the film continued for several months afterwards to add in visual effects. The film's budget was reportedly between £75 and 100 million. Warner Bros. released the film in the UK on 12 July 2007 and in North America on 11 July, both in conventional and IMAX theatres; it is the first Potter film to be released in IMAX 3D.
/m/0401sg	Resident Evil is a 2002 science fiction horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. The film stars Milla Jovovich, Michelle Rodriguez and Colin Salmon. It is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series, which is based on the Capcom survival horror video game series Resident Evil.\nBorrowing elements from the video games Resident Evil and Resident Evil 2, the film follows amnesiac heroine Alice and a band of Umbrella Corporation commandos as they attempt to contain the outbreak of the T-virus at a secret underground facility. The film received negative reviews from critics but grossed more than $102 million worldwide.
/m/06npd	The Slovak Republic is a landlocked state in Central Europe. It has a population of over five million and an area of about 49,000 square kilometres. Slovakia is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west, Poland to the north, Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south. The largest city is the capital, Bratislava, and the second largest is Košice. Slovakia is a member state of the European Union, NATO, United Nations, OECD and WTO among others. The official language is Slovak, a member of the Slavic language family.\nThe Slavs - ancestors of the Slovaks - arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries during the migration period. In the 7th century, Slavs inhabiting this territory played a significant role in the creation of Samo's Empire, historically the first Slavic state which had its center in Western Slovakia. During the 9th century, Slavic ancestors of the Slovaks established another political entity, the Principality of Nitra, which later together with the Principality of Moravia, formed Great Moravia. After the 10th century the territory of today's Slovakia was gradually integrated into the Kingdom of Hungary, which itself became part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire or Habsburg Empire. After WWI and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the nation of Slovaks and Czechs established their mutual state - Czechoslovakia. A separate Slovak state existed during World War II and was a client state of Nazi Germany. In 1945 Czechoslovakia was reestablished. The present-day Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 after the peaceful dissolution of Czechoslovakia.
/m/04x8cp	Club Deportivo Estudiantes de la UAG is a Mexican professional football club associated with the Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara AC. It currently plays in the Liga de Ascenso, with home games in the Estadio 3 de Marzo. The 30,015-seat facility is located in Zapopan, a municipality within the Guadalajara, Jalisco conurbation.\nPreviously named Club de Fútbol U.A.G., Estudiantes have won the national championship once and is the only team in Mexican football history to ascend from the two lower divisions and get the Championship. The club was runner-up in the Mexican League's Clausura 2005, after losing to Club América in the second game, 6-3.\nOn April 14, 2012 Estudiantes Tecos was relegated to Mexico's Liga de Ascenso after gaining the lowest percentage of points got in the last three years against Atlas and Querétaro. The last straw was a combination of a draw between Estudiantes and Puebla and a victory achieved by Atlas against Monterrey.
/m/025m8l	The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media has been awarded since 1988 and is awarded to songs written for films, television, video games or other visual media. Through the years, it has gone through several name changes:\n1988–1999: The Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television\n2000–2011: The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media\n2012–present: The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media\nThe award goes to the composer of the winning song, not to the performing artist.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/011ypx	Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film directed by Gus Van Sant and starring Matt Damon, Robin Williams, Ben Affleck, Minnie Driver, and Stellan Skarsgård. Written by Affleck and Damon, and with Damon in the title role, the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting, an unrecognized genius who, as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer, becomes a patient of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor. Through his therapy sessions, Will re-evaluates his relationships with his best friend, his girlfriend, and himself, facing the significant task of thinking about his future.\nGood Will Hunting received universal critical acclaim and was a financial success. It grossed over US$225 million during its theatrical run with only a modest $10 million budget. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture, and won two: Best Supporting Actor for Williams and Best Original Screenplay for Affleck and Damon.\nThe film is dedicated to the memory of poet Allen Ginsberg and writer William S. Burroughs, both of whom died in 1997.
/m/01dy7j	Edie Falco
/m/0fqyzz	Robert Lantos, CM BA MA D.Litt is a Canadian film producer.
/m/02825kb	Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a 2008 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Jason Segel, Kristen Bell, Mila Kunis and Russell Brand. The film, which was written by Segel and co-produced by Judd Apatow, was released by Universal Studios. Filming began in April 2007 at the Turtle Bay Resort on the North Shore of Oahu Island in Hawaii. The film was released for North American theaters on April 18, 2008 and in the UK a week later on April 25, 2008.\nThe story revolves around Peter Bretter, who is a music composer for a TV show that happens to feature his girlfriend, Sarah Marshall, in the lead role. After a five-year relationship, Sarah abruptly breaks up with Peter. Devastated by this event, he chooses to go on a vacation in Hawaii, in order to try to move forward with his life. Trouble ensues when he runs into his ex on the island as she is vacationing with her new boyfriend.
/m/07bdd_	The Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture is an award given out at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst film of the past year. Following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, including each film's distribution company and producer.
/m/077rj	Stephen Joshua Sondheim is an American composer and lyricist known for his immense contributions to musical theatre for over 50 years. He is the winner of an Academy Award, eight Tony Awards including the Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre, eight Grammy Awards, a Pulitzer Prize and the Laurence Olivier Award. Described by Frank Rich of the New York Times as \"now the greatest and perhaps best-known artist in the American musical theater\", his most famous works include A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Company, Follies, A Little Night Music, Sweeney Todd, Sunday in the Park with George and Into the Woods. He also wrote the lyrics for West Side Story and Gypsy.\nSondheim has written material for movies, including the 1981 Warren Beatty film Reds, for which he contributed the song \"Goodbye For Now\". He also wrote five songs for the 1990 movie Dick Tracy, including \"Sooner or Later\" which won the Academy Award for Best Song.\nHe was president of the Dramatists Guild from 1973 to 1981. In celebration of his 80th birthday, the former Henry Miller's Theatre was renamed the Stephen Sondheim Theatre on September 15, 2010, and the BBC Proms staged a concert in his honor. Cameron Mackintosh has described Sondheim as \"possibly the greatest lyricist ever.\"
/m/0jgwf	Sir David Lean, CBE was an English film director, producer, screenwriter and editor, best remembered for big-screen epics such as The Bridge on the River Kwai, Lawrence of Arabia, and Doctor Zhivago; for perhaps the most highly regarded of all the adaptations of Dickens' novels with Great Expectations and Oliver Twist; and for the renowned romantic drama Brief Encounter.\nAcclaimed by directors including Steven Spielberg and Stanley Kubrick, Lean was voted 9th greatest film director of all time in the British Film Institute Sight & Sound \"Directors' Top Directors\" poll 2002. Nominated seven times for the Academy Award for Best Director, for which he won twice for The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Lawrence of Arabia. Lean has three films in the top five of the British Film Institute's Top 100 British Films.
/m/0kb07	Hold Back the Dawn is a 1941 romantic film in which a Romanian gigolo marries an American woman in Mexico in order to gain entry to the United States, but winds up falling in love with her. It stars Charles Boyer, Olivia de Havilland, Paulette Goddard, Victor Francen, Walter Abel, Curt Bois and Rosemary DeCamp.\nThe movie was adapted by Charles Brackett and Billy Wilder from the book by Ketti Frings. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen.\nIt was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Writing, Screenplay, Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration, Black-and-White, Best Cinematography, Black-and-White, and Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic Picture.
/m/01mk6	Czechoslovakia was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918, when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993.\nFrom 1939 to 1945, following its forced division and partial incorporation into Nazi Germany, the state did not de facto exist but its government-in-exile continued to operate. On 29 June 1945, a treaty was signed between Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union, ceding Carpatho-Ukraine to the USSR.\nFrom 1948 to 1990 Czechoslovakia had a command or planned economy, which was disintegrated on 1 January 1991, removing price controls after a period of preparation.
/m/01vvyfh	George Michael is an English musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. Michael rose to superstardom during the 1980s and 1990s with his style of post-disco dance-pop. He has also been characterized as a blue-eyed soul singer, although his material draws more from middle-of-the-road pop than soul music.\nAs one of the world's best-selling music artists, Michael has sold more than 100 million records worldwide as of 2010. His 1987 debut solo album, Faith, has sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and made several records and achievements in the United States. Michael has garnered seven number one singles in the UK and eight number one hits on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US. In 2008, Billboard magazine ranked Michael the 40th most successful artist on the Billboard Hot 100 Top All-Time Artists list.\nMichael has won numerous music awards throughout his 30-year career, including three Brit Awards—winning Best British Male twice, four MTV Video Music Awards, four Ivor Novello Awards, three American Music Awards, and two Grammy Awards from eight nominations.\nIn 2004, the Radio Academy named Michael as the most played artist on British radio between the period of 1984–2004. The documentary A Different Story was released in 2005; it covered his personal life and professional career. In 2006, George Michael announced his first tour in 15 years, the worldwide 25 Live tour, spanning three individual tours over the course of three years.
/m/02xhpl	Alice is an American sitcom television series that ran from August 31, 1976 to March 19, 1985 on CBS. The series is based on the 1974 film Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore. The show stars Linda Lavin in the title role, a widow who moves with her young son to start her life over again, and finds a job working at a roadside diner on the outskirts of Phoenix, Arizona. Most of the episodes revolve around events at Mel's Diner.
/m/05b_gq	Swept Away is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Madonna, Adriano Giannini, and Bruce Greenwood. It was released by Screen Gems and produced by Matthew Vaughn. The film is a remake of Lina Wertmüller's 1974 film of the same name. It was a critical and box office failure.
/m/0c8tkt	The Blues Brothers is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by John Landis and starring John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd as \"Joliet\" Jake and Elwood Blues, characters developed from \"The Blues Brothers\" musical sketch on the NBC variety series Saturday Night Live.\nIt features musical numbers by rhythm and blues, soul, and blues singers James Brown, Cab Calloway, Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, and John Lee Hooker. The film is set in and around Chicago, Illinois, and features non-musical supporting performances by John Candy, Carrie Fisher, Charles Napier, and Henry Gibson.\nThe story is a tale of redemption for paroled convict Jake and his brother Elwood, who take on \"a mission from God\" to save the Catholic orphanage, in which they grew up, from foreclosure. To do so, they must reunite their R&B band and organize a performance to earn $5,000 to pay the tax assessor. Along the way, they are targeted by a destructive \"mystery woman\", Neo-Nazis, and a country and western band—all while being relentlessly pursued by the police.\nUniversal Studios, which had won the bidding war for the film, was hoping to take advantage of Belushi's popularity in the wake of Saturday Night Live, Animal House, and the Blues Brothers' musical success; it soon found itself unable to control production costs. The start of principal photography was delayed when Aykroyd, new to film screenwriting, took six months to deliver a long and unconventional script that Landis had to rewrite before production, which began without a final budget. On location in Chicago, Belushi's partying and drug use caused lengthy and costly delays that, along with the destructive car chases depicted onscreen, made the final film one of the most expensive comedies ever produced.
/m/0419kt	Speed 2: Cruise Control is a 1997 American action thriller film, and a sequel to Speed. The film was produced and directed by Jan de Bont, and written by Randall McCormick and Jeff Nathanson, based on a story by de Bont and McCormick. Sandra Bullock stars in the film, reprising her role from Speed, while Jason Patric and Willem Dafoe co-star. The film was released by 20th Century Fox on June 13, 1997.\nThe plot involves couple Annie and Alex taking a vacation in the Caribbean aboard a luxury cruise ship, which is hijacked by a villain named Geiger who hacked into the ship's computer system. As they are trapped aboard the ship, Annie and Alex work with the ship's first officer to try to stop the ship, which they discover is programmed to cruise into an oil tanker.\nDe Bont came up with the idea for the film after he had a recurring nightmare about a cruise ship crashing into an island. Speed star Keanu Reeves was initially supposed to reprise his role for the sequel, but decided not to commit and was replaced by Patric prior to filming. Production took place aboard Seabourn Legend, the ship on which the film is set. The film's final scene, where the ship crashes into the island of Saint Martin, cost almost one quarter of the film's $110 million budget, and set records as the largest and most expensive stunt ever filmed. Many interior scenes aboard the ship were shot on soundstages in the Greater Los Angeles Area. The film's soundtrack featured mostly reggae music, and Mark Mancina composed the film score, which was released as an album 13 years after the film's release.
/m/01pbs9w	Bernard Alfred \"Jack\" Nitzsche was an arranger, producer, songwriter, and film score composer. He first came to prominence in the late 1950s as the right-hand-man of producer Phil Spector, and went on to work with the Rolling Stones, Neil Young and others. He also worked extensively in film scores, winning a song of the year Oscar in 1983 for co-writing \"Up Where We Belong\"
/m/0dgrmp	Goalkeeper, often shortened to keeper or goalie, is one of the major positions of football. It is the most specialised position in the sport. The goalkeeper's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from successfully moving the ball over the defended goal-line. This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line. Within the Penalty Area goalkeepers are able to use their hands, making them the only players on the field able to handle the ball. Goalkeepers perform goal kicks, and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks, direct and indirect free kicks, and marking. Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch giving them a unique perspective on play development.\nGoalkeepers are required to remain on the pitch at all times though that does not mean they have to be between the sticks all the time. For example goalkeepers may have to take a penalty kick during a penalty shoot-out or even go for a corner late in the game though it is rare, as it leaves the goal unguarded. If a goalkeeper is hurt or sent off a substitute goalkeeper can take his place, if there isn't a substitute, then an outfielder must do so. In the event of a sending off teams often substitute an outfield player so that a specialist player can come in to the team to effectively replace the sent-off goalkeeper. If a team does not have a substitute goalkeeper, or they have already used all of their alloted substitutes for the match, an outfield player has to take his place and wear the goalkeeper kit. Because goalkeeper is the most important job in football as well as being the most difficult position to master, most teams have specialist players that only ever play in goal. Goalkeepers appear to have longer playing careers than outfield players, many not retiring until their late thirties or early forties, an example of this beingPeter Shilton who played for 31 years between 1966 and 1997, retiring at the age of 47. The main squad number for a goalkeeper is no.1 but today though this is still common some goalkeepers now wear other squad numbers when in goal. For example: Despite being no.1 at Liverpool, Pepe Reina has worn the no.25 jersey through all his Liverpool career. No.13, especially in Britain, is the common number for the second choice keeper, though others like 12, 16, 24, 25, even 30 are also common.
/m/043y95	The Guinea national football team, nicknamed Syli nationale, is the national team of Guinea and is controlled by the Fédération Guinéenne de Football. They have never qualified for the World Cup finals, and their best finish in the Africa Cup of Nations was second in the 1976. The team reached the quarter-finals in three successive tournaments.
/m/0gs9p	The Academy Award for Best Directing, usually known as the Best Director Oscar, is one of the Awards of Merit presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to directors working in the motion picture industry. While nominations for Best Director are made by members in the Academy's Directing branch, the award winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/02ryz24	Tropic Thunder is a 2008 American action satire comedy film written, produced and directed by Ben Stiller.
/m/015p3p	Harry Dean Stanton is an American actor, musician, and singer. Stanton's career has spanned over fifty years, which has seen him star in such films as Paris, Texas, Kelly's Heroes, Dillinger, Alien, Repo Man, Pretty In Pink, The Last Temptation of Christ, Wild at Heart, The Green Mile and The Pledge. In the late 2000s, he played a recurring role in the HBO television series Big Love.
/m/044mz_	Naveen William Sidney Andrews is a British actor. He is best known for portraying Sayid Jarrah in the television series Lost, Kip in the film The English Patient and Sanjay in the 2002 remake of Rollerball. For his role on Lost, Andrews was nominated for a Golden Globe in 2006, a Primetime Emmy Award in 2005 and received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2006.
/m/0196bp	Sunderland Association Football Club is an English association football club based in Sunderland who play in the Premier League. Since its formation in 1879, the club has won six First Division titles—in 1892, 1893, 1895, 1902, 1913, and 1936—and the FA Cup twice, in 1937 and 1973.\nSunderland won their first FA Cup in 1937 with a 3–1 victory over Preston North End, and remained in the top league for 68 successive seasons until they were relegated for the first time in 1958. Sunderland's most notable trophy after the Second World War was their second FA Cup in 1973, when the club secured a 1–0 victory over Leeds United. The team has won the second tier title five times in that period and the third tier title once.\nSunderland play their home games at the 48,707 capacity all-seater Stadium of Light having moved from Roker Park in 1997.The original ground capacity was 42,000 which was increased to 49,000 following expansion in 2000. Sunderland have a long-standing rivalry with their neighbouring club Newcastle United, with whom they have contested the Tyne–Wear derby since 1898.
/m/026n6cs	Joe Shelby \"Josh\" Griffith is an American soap opera writer and producer.
/m/03lty	Heavy metal is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are often associated with masculinity, aggression and machismo.\nThe first heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple and Black Sabbath attracted large audiences, though they were often derided by critics, a status common throughout the history of the genre. In the mid-1970s Judas Priest helped spur the genre's evolution by discarding much of its blues influence; Motörhead introduced a punk rock sensibility and an increasing emphasis on speed. Bands in the New Wave of British Heavy Metal such as Iron Maiden and Saxon followed in a similar vein. Before the end of the decade, heavy metal fans became known as \"metalheads\" or \"headbangers\".\nDuring the 1980s, glam metal became a commercial force with groups like Mötley Crüe and Poison. Underground scenes produced an array of more extreme, aggressive styles: thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax, while other styles of the most extreme subgenres of metal like death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena. Since the mid-1990s, popular styles such as groove metal which blends extreme metal with hardcore punk, and nu metal, which often incorporates elements of grunge and hip hop; and metalcore have further expanded the definition of the genre.
/m/0tygl	Pittsfield is the largest city and the county seat of Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the principal city of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Berkshire County. Its area code is 413. Its ZIP code is 01201. The population was 44,737 at the 2010 census. Although the population has declined in recent decades, Pittsfield remains the third largest municipality in western Massachusetts, behind only Springfield and Chicopee.\nIn 2005, Farmers Insurance ranked Pittsfield 20th in the United States as “Most Secure Place To Live” among small towns with fewer than 150,000 residents. In 2006, Forbes ranked Pittsfield as number 61 in its list of Best Small Places for Business. In 2008, Country Home magazine ranked Pittsfield as #24 in a listing of \"green cities\" east of the Mississippi. In 2009, the City of Pittsfield was chosen to receive a 2009 Commonwealth Award, Massachusetts' highest award in the arts, humanities, and sciences. In 2010, the Financial Times proclaimed Pittsfield the \"Brooklyn of the Berkshires\", in an article covering its recent renaissance.
/m/01cmp9	Chicago is a 2002 musical film adapted from the satirical stage musical of the same name, exploring the themes of celebrity, scandal, and corruption in Jazz Age Chicago. The film stars Renée Zellweger, Richard Gere, and Catherine Zeta-Jones also featuring Queen Latifah, John C. Reilly, Christine Baranski, Taye Diggs, Colm Feore, and Mýa Harrison.\nDirected and choreographed by Rob Marshall, and adapted by screenwriter Bill Condon, Chicago won six Academy Awards in 2003, including Best Picture. The film was critically lauded, and was the first musical to win Best Picture since Oliver! in 1969.\nChicago centers on Roxie Hart and Velma Kelly, two murderesses who find themselves in jail together awaiting trial in 1920s Chicago. Velma, a vaudevillian, and Roxie, a housewife, fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows.
/m/01zmpg	Jermaine La Jaune Jackson is an American singer, bass guitarist, composer, member of The Jackson 5, and occasional film director. He also produced and recorded duets with American singer Whitney Houston in her early years as a recording artist and was a producer for Bobby DeBarge's band Switch.
/m/01my4f	David Edward Kelley is an American television writer and producer, known as the creator of Picket Fences, Chicago Hope, The Practice, Ally McBeal, Boston Public, Boston Legal, and Harry's Law as well as several films. Kelley is one of very few screenwriters to have had a show created by him run on all four of the top commercial U.S. television networks.
/m/0h1cdwq	Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is a 2011 American adventure comedy film directed by Mike Mitchell. The film stars Jason Lee, David Cross and Jenny Slate with the voices of Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney, Amy Poehler, Anna Faris and Christina Applegate.\nIt was distributed by Twentieth Century Fox and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures, Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company. The film is a sequel to the 2007 film Alvin and the Chipmunks and its 2009 sequel Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel, and it was released on December 16, 2011.
/m/026dg51	Courtney Simon is an American writer and actress. Simon is sometimes credited as \"Courtney Sherman\" or \"Courtney Sherman Simon\".
/m/01vw20_	Robert James Ritchie, known by his stage name Kid Rock, is an American multi-instrumentalist, music producer and actor. He is most popularly known for his first commercial success, the 1998 studio album Devil Without a Cause, which sold 13 million albums worldwide. He is a five time Grammy Award nominee and has sold 25 million albums in the U.S. according to soundscan. The RIAA certified him selling 23.5 million albums. He was Soundscan's number one selling male solo musician of the 2000s, selling 17.6 million albums; he was 17th overall for the decade.\nBorn in Romeo, Michigan, Rock was a rapper and hip hop performer with 5 releases between 1990 and 1997, including a reissue and an EP. After signing a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 1998, he gained commercial success in the rap-rock genre behind the singles \"Bawitdaba\", \"Cowboy\" and \"Only God Knows Why\". After Devil Without a Cause's success in 2000, he released The History of Rock, a compilation of remixed and remastered versions of songs from previous albums as well as the hit rock single, \"American Bad Ass\".\nRock's follow-up records became more rock-, country-, and blues-oriented, starting with 2001's Cocky. His collaboration with Sheryl Crow on the song \"Picture\" was his first country hit and biggest pop hit in the US to date charting at No. 4 on the Hot 100. After 2003's Kid Rock and 2006's Live Trucker sales declined from the previous releases, he then released Rock n Roll Jesus in 2007. The album featured the song \"All Summer Long\", which charted at No. 1 in eight countries across Europe and Australia. In 2010, he released Born Free, which featured an eponymous song that became the political campaign theme of Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election.
/m/01wz01	Keir Dullea is an American actor best known for the character of astronaut David Bowman, whom he portrayed in the 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey, and in 1984's 2010: The Year We Make Contact. Other film roles include Bunny Lake Is Missing and Black Christmas.
/m/0gd9k	Kevin Patrick Smith is an American screenwriter, actor, film producer, and director, as well as a popular comic book writer, author, comedian/raconteur, and podcaster.\nHe came to prominence with the low-budget comedy Clerks, in which he appeared as the character Silent Bob. Smith's first several films were mostly set in his home state of New Jersey, and while not strictly sequential, they frequently feature crossover plot elements, character references, and a shared canon described by fans as the \"View Askewniverse\", named after his production company View Askew Productions, which he co-founded with Scott Mosier.\nSmith also directed and produced films such as the buddy cop action comedy Cop Out, as well as the horror film Red State.\nSmith is also the owner of Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash, a comic book store in Red Bank, New Jersey. He co-hosts several weekly podcasts that are released on SModcast Internet Radio. Smith is well known for participating in long, humorous Q&A sessions that are often filmed for DVD release, beginning with An Evening with Kevin Smith.
/m/047vp1n	Youth in Revolt is a 2009 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Miguel Arteta, from a screenplay written by Gustin Nash, which is in return based on C.D. Payne's epistolary novel of the same name. The film stars Michael Cera and Portia Doubleday, with Justin Long, Ray Liotta and Steve Buscemi in supporting roles.
/m/01kc4s	Cambridge United Football Club is a professional football club from Cambridge, England. They compete in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of the English league system, where they have played since the 2005–06 season, following their relegation from the Football League after 35 years.\nCambridge United have had two spells in the league's second tier, reached the quarter-finals of the FA Cup twice and Football League Cup once. United's highest ever finishing place in the Football League is fifth in the Second Division during the 1991–92 season, narrowly missing out on being promoted to the first tier and becoming founding members of the Premier League. The club is based at the Abbey Stadium on Newmarket Road, approximately 3 kilometres east of Cambridge city centre. The stadium currently has a capacity of 10,847 made up of terracing and seated areas.\nAlthough the club has traditionally worn amber and black at home, it has experimented with a number of designs of shirts including plain amber with black trim, amber and black squares, stripes and, amber with a black sash. The club has close links with Cambridge Regional College, a team formed in 2006 as a de facto reserve team.
/m/02ztjwg	Hungarian is the official language of Hungary and one of the 24 official languages of the European Union. Outside Hungary it is also spoken by communities of Hungarian people in neighboring countries—especially in Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine—and by Hungarian diaspora communities worldwide. Like Finnish and Estonian, it belongs to the Uralic language family, and is one of only a few of the languages of Europe that are not part of the Indo-European family.\nThe Hungarian name for the language is magyar or magyar nyelv. The word \"Magyar\" is also occasionally used as an English word to refer to Hungarian people as an ethnic group, or to the language.
/m/0l4vc	Lancaster is a city located in South Central Pennsylvania which serves as the seat of Pennsylvania's Lancaster County and one of the older inland towns in the United States,. With a population of 59,322, it ranks eighth in population among Pennsylvania's cities. The Lancaster metropolitan area population is 507,766, making it the 101st largest metropolitan area in the US and 2nd largest in the South Central Pennsylvania area.\nThe city's primary industries include healthcare, tourism, public administration, manufacturing, both professional and semi-professional services, and home of the Park City Center shopping mall, the largest indoor retail facility in the region. Lancaster is known for its innovative adoption of advanced technology and hosts more electronic public CCTV outdoor cameras per capita than any other US city, despite controversy among residents. Lancaster was home to James Buchanan, the nation's 15th president, and to congressman and abolitionist Thaddeus Stevens.
/m/016376	The Isley Brothers are an American musical group originally from Cincinnati, Ohio, originally a vocal trio consisting of brothers O'Kelly Isley, Jr., Rudolph Isley and Ronald Isley. The group has been cited as having enjoyed one of the \"longest, most influential, and most diverse careers in the pantheon of popular music\".\nAlongside a fourth brother, Vernon, the group originally performed gospel music until Vernon's death a couple years after its original formation. After moving to the New York City area in the late 1950s, the group had modest chart successes during their early years, first coming to prominence in 1959 with their fourth single, \"Shout\", written by the three brothers. Initially a modest charted single, the song eventually sold over a million copies. Afterwards the group recorded modestly successful works for a variety of labels, including the top 20 single, \"Twist & Shout\" and the Motown single, \"This Old Heart of Mine\" before recording and issuing the Grammy Award-winning hit, \"It's Your Thing\" on their own label, T-Neck Records.\nInitially influenced by gospel and doo-wop music, the group began experimenting with different musical styles incorporating elements of rock and funk music as well as pop balladry. The inclusion of younger brothers Ernie Isley and Marvin Isley, and Rudolph's brother-in-law Chris Jasper in 1973 turned the original vocal trio into a self-contained musical band. For the next full decade, the siblings recorded top-selling albums including The Heat Is On and Between the Sheets.
/m/0lgxj	The 1952 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Helsinki, Finland, in 1952. Helsinki had been earlier selected to host the 1940 Summer Olympics, which were cancelled due to World War II. It had been the Olympic Games at which the most number of world records were broken, until surpassed by the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The Soviet Union, the People's Republic of China, and Israel made their Olympic debuts in Helsinki 1952.
/m/0p__8	Michael John \"Mike\" Myers is a Canadian actor, comedian, singer, screenwriter, and film producer. He has played the title characters of the films Wayne's World, Austin Powers, and Shrek. He originally rose to fame as a cast member of NBC's Saturday Night Live from 1989 to 1995.
/m/0b_6qj	The 1989 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 16, 1989, and ended with the championship game on April 3 in Seattle, Washington. A total of 63 games were played.\nMichigan, coached by Steve Fisher, won the national title with an 80–79 overtime victory in the final game over Seton Hall, coached by P.J. Carlesimo. Glen Rice of Michigan set an NCAA tournament record by scoring 184 points in six games and was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nJust prior to the start of this tournament, Michigan coach Bill Frieder had announced that he would accept the head coaching position at Arizona State University at the end of the season. Michigan athletic director Bo Schembechler promptly fired Frieder and appointed top assistant Fisher as interim coach, stating, famously, that \"a Michigan man is going to coach a Michigan team.\"\nTwo 16-seeded teams came within one point of victory in the first round, and a third came with six points. This tournament was also unusual in that all four 11-seeds advanced out of the first round.\nThe 1989 Tournament was the second one since 1980, with 1987 being the first, in which the defending national champion did not participate in the tournament. Kansas, winner of the 1988 NCAA title, had been placed on probation for violations committed by former coach Larry Brown and was barred from the tournament. Brown left Kansas immediately after winning the national championship to return to coaching in the NBA with the San Antonio Spurs, leaving first-year coach Roy Williams to clean up the mess. It is the only time the Jayhawks have missed the NCAA tournament between 1984 and 2013. The defending champion would not be left out of the next year's tournament again until 2008.
/m/0gkd1	The Mellotron is an electro-mechanical, polyphonic tape replay keyboard originally developed and built in Birmingham, England, in 1963. It evolved from a similar instrument, the Chamberlin, but could be mass-produced more effectively. The instrument works by pulling a section of magnetic tape across a head. Different portions of the tape can be played to access different sounds.\nThe original models were designed to be used in the home, and contained a variety of sounds, including automatic accompaniments. The bandleader Eric Robinson and television personality David Nixon were heavily involved in the instrument's original publicity. A number of other celebrities such as Princess Margaret were early adopters.\nThe Mellotron became more popular after The Beatles used it on several tracks. It was subsequently adopted by The Moody Blues and King Crimson, and became a notable instrument in progressive rock. Later models such as the M400, the best selling model, dispensed with the accompaniments and some sound selection controls in order to be used by touring musicians. The instrument became less popular in the 1980s due to the introduction of polyphonic synthesizers and samplers, despite a number of high profile uses from Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and XTC.
/m/03y82t6	Katheryn Elizabeth \"Katy\" Hudson, better known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American recording artist, businesswoman, philanthropist, and actress. She was born near Santa Barbara, California and grew up there before moving to Los Angeles. Having had limited exposure to mainstream pop music in her childhood, she pursued a career in gospel music as a teen and released her debut studio album, Katy Hudson. She later recorded a collaborative album with The Matrix and a solo album she worked on with Glen Ballard, the latter of which was never released.\nIn April 2007, Perry signed a recording contract with Capitol Records. She rose to prominence with the release of her single \"I Kissed a Girl\" followed by her second album, One of the Boys, which is predominantly pop rock. Perry's third record, Teenage Dream, was preceded by the Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping singles \"California Gurls\" and \"Teenage Dream\", and later produced the number-one singles \"Firework\", \"E.T.\", and \"Last Friday Night\". Teenage Dream became the first album recorded by a female artist in history to produce five number-one hits, and the second album overall after Michael Jackson's Bad. The album features disco, electronic music, funk, and hip hop in addition to pop and rock. In March 2012, she re-released Teenage Dream as Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection, which was preceded by the number-one single \"Part of Me\". Her fourth album, Prism, was preceded by the number-one single \"Roar\". The album was originally planned to be \"darker\" than Perry's previous material, but ultimately became an album influenced by Swedish dance music and focusing heavily on self-empowerment. The album later produced the number-one single \"Dark Horse\".
/m/0gq_v	The Academy Awards are the oldest awards ceremony for achievements in motion pictures. The Academy Award for Best Production Design recognizes achievement in art direction on a film. The category's original name was Best Art Direction, but was changed to its current name in 2012 for the 85th Academy Awards. This change resulted from the Art Director's branch of the Academy being renamed the Designer's branch. Since 1947, the award is shared with the Set Decorator.\nThe films below are listed with their production year. In the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/05fyy5	An end in American football is a player who lines up at either end of the line of scrimmage. Rules state that a legal offensive formation must always consist of seven players on the line of scrimmage. An end who lines up close to the offensive line is known as a tight end, while one who lines up some distance from the offensive line is known as a split end. In recent years, the generic term wide receiver has come to define both split ends and flankers. The terms “split end” and “flanker” are no longer in common usage.\nThere is a commonly used position on the defense called the defensive end. However, as there are no rules regulating the formation of the defense, players at this position commonly take on and share multiple roles with other positions in different defensive schemes.\nBefore the advent of two platoons, in which teams fielded distinct defensive and offensive units, players that lined up on the ends of the line on both offense and defense were referred to simply as \"ends\".
/m/03pzf	Hamilton is a port city in the Canadian province of Ontario. Conceived by George Hamilton when he purchased the Durand farm shortly after the War of 1812, Hamilton has become the centre of a densely populated and industrialized region at the west end of Lake Ontario known as the Golden Horseshoe. On January 1, 2001, the new City of Hamilton was formed through the amalgamation of the former city and the other constituent lower-tier municipalities of the Regional Municipality of Hamilton-Wentworth with the upper-tier regional government. Residents of the old city are known as Hamiltonians. Since 1981, the metropolitan area has been listed as the ninth largest in Canada and the third largest in Ontario.\nHamilton is home to the shared Royal Botanical Gardens, the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum, the Bruce Trail, McMaster University and Mohawk College. The Canadian Football Hall of Fame can be found downtown right beside Hamilton City Hall and across town to the east, the Canadian Football League's Hamilton Tiger-Cats will begin playing at the new Tim Hortons Field in 2014, which is being built as part of the 2015 Pan American Games.
/m/02pqp12	Winners of the BAFTA Award for Best Direction presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. John Schlesinger, Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, Alan Parker, Louis Malle, Joel Coen, Peter Weir and Ang Lee tie for the most wins in this category, with two each. Martin Scorsese holds the record for most nominations, with nine.
/m/07ylj	Venezuela, officially called the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, is a country on the northern coast of South America. Venezuela's territory covers around 916,445 square kilometres with an estimated population of approximately 29,100,000. Venezuela is considered a state with extremely high biodiversity, with habitats ranging from the Andes mountains in the west to the Amazon Basin rainforest in the south, via extensive llanos plains and Caribbean coast in the center and the Orinoco River Delta in the east.\nVenezuela was colonized by Spain in 1522 despite resistance from indigenous peoples. It became one of the first Spanish American colonies to declare independence but did not securely establish independence until 1821. During the 19th century Venezuela suffered political turmoil and dictatorship, and it was dominated by regional caudillos well into the 20th century. The country has had democratic governments since 1958; before that, like most countries of Latin America, it suffered some coups and military dictatorships. Economic shocks in the 1980s and 1990s led to a political crisis causing hundreds of deaths in the Caracazo riots of 1989, two attempted coups in 1992, and the impeachment of President Carlos Andrés Pérez for embezzlement of public funds in 1993. A collapse in confidence in the existing parties saw the 1998 election of former career officer Hugo Chávez and the launch of the Bolivarian Revolution, beginning with a 1999 Constituent Assembly to write a new Constitution of Venezuela.
/m/09gkdln	The 14th Satellite Awards, honoring the year's outstanding performers, films, television shows, DVDs, and interactive media, were presented by the International Press Academy at the InterContinental Hotel in Los Angeles on Sunday, December 20, 2009. Nominations were announced on November 30.
/m/0l6qt	Alan Bennett is an English playwright, screenwriter, actor and author. He was born in Leeds and attended Oxford University where he studied history and performed with The Oxford Revue. He stayed to teach and research medieval history at the university for several years. His collaboration as writer and performer with Dudley Moore, Jonathan Miller and Peter Cook in the satirical revue Beyond the Fringe at the 1960 Edinburgh Festival brought him instant fame. He gave up academia, and turned to writing full-time, his first stage play Forty Years On being produced in 1968.\nHis work includes The Madness of George III and its film adaptation The Madness of King George, the series of monologues Talking Heads, the play and subsequent film The History Boys, and popular audio books, including his readings of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Winnie-the-Pooh.
/m/03mkk4	A Master of Fine Arts is a graduate degree typically requiring 2–3 years of postgraduate study beyond the bachelor's degree, although the term of study will vary by country or by university. The MFA is a creative degree usually awarded as a terminal degree in visual arts, creative writing, graphic design, photography, filmmaking, dance, theatre, other performing arts, as well as some theatre management and arts administration degrees. Coursework is primarily of an applied or performing nature with the program often culminating in a major work or performance.\nMaster of Fine Arts programs have generally required a bachelor's degree prior to admission, but many do not require that the undergraduate major be the same as the MFA field of study. The most important admissions requirement has often been a sample portfolio or a performance audition.\nThe Master of Fine Arts differs from the Master of Arts in that the MFA, while an academic program, centers around practice in the particular field, whereas programs leading to the MA usually center on the scholarly, academic, or critical study of the field. Additionally, in the United States, an MFA is recognized as a terminal degree for practitioners of Visual Art, Design, Dance, Photography, Theatre, Film/Video, New Media, and Creative Writing - meaning that it is considered to be the highest degree in its field, and is used as a minimum qualification to be able to apply to become a Full-Time Professor teaching at the University level in these disciplines. There are exceptions to this standard in the Arts, notably in the case of music performance, where the MFA is not seen as a terminal degree in the context of the more standardized DMA degree.
/m/025ljp	MADtv is an American sketch comedy television series originally inspired by Mad magazine. The show featured animated Spy vs. Spy and Don Martin cartoon shorts as well as images of Alfred E. Neuman, although the sketch comedy rarely if ever had any relation to the magazine's content. Its first TV broadcast was on October 14, 1995. The one-hour show first-ran on Saturday nights on Fox, and was in syndication on Comedy Central. In Australia the show screens on satellite and cable TV channel The Comedy Channel and in late-night timeslots on free-to-air broadcaster the Nine Network and its affiliates.\nMADtv was created by Fax Bahr and Adam Small. The series was originally produced by Bahr/Small Productions and Quincy Jones/David Salzman Entertainment. After Bahr and Small left the series at the end of the third season, the series was handled by QDE and WB Television Distribution. The series was directed by Bruce Leddy, as well as David Grossman, and Amanda Bearse.\nOn November 12, 2008, Fox announced that MADtv's 14th season would be its last. David Salzman said that he would be exploring the continuation of the show on another channel; possibly cable. In early 2009, the show was moved to air after Talkshow with Spike Feresten, the show that normally followed MADtv, as a test, before being moved back. The series finale aired on May 16, 2009. The show was nominated for 35 Emmy awards, winning five, and was succeeded by an unrelated animated sketch comedy series, MAD that premiered in 2010.
/m/05p3738	Centurion is a 2010 British action film directed by Neil Marshall, loosely based on the legend of the massacre of the Ninth Legion in Caledonia in the early second century AD. The film stars Michael Fassbender, Olga Kurylenko, Dominic West and Liam Cunningham.
/m/0l998	The 1968 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIX Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Mexico City, Mexico, in October 1968.\nThese were the first Olympic Games to be staged in Latin America and the first to be staged in a Spanish-speaking country. They were also the third Games to be held in autumn, after the 1956 Games in Melbourne and the 1964 Games in Tokyo. The Mexican Student Movement of 1968 happened concurrently and the Olympic Games were correlated to the government's repression.
/m/024tcq	The One Hundred Eighth United States Congress was the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 2003 to January 3, 2005, during the third and fourth years of George W. Bush's presidency.\nHouse members were elected in the 2002 general election on November 5, 2002. Senators were elected in three classes in the 1998 general election on November 3, 1998, 2000 general election on November 7, 2000, or 2002 general election on November 5, 2002. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-second Census of the United States in 2000. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
/m/0dvmd	Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio is an American actor and film producer. He has been nominated for five Academy Awards and ten Golden Globe Awards. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama for The Aviator and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy for The Wolf of Wall Street. He has also been nominated by the Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Awards, and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.\nDiCaprio started his career by appearing in television commercials prior to landing recurring roles in TV series such as the soap opera Santa Barbara and the sitcom Growing Pains in the early 1990s. He made his film debut in the comedic sci-fi horror film Critters 3 and received first notable critical praise for his performance in This Boy's Life. DiCaprio obtained recognition for his subsequent work in supporting roles in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and Marvin's Room, as well as leading roles in The Basketball Diaries and Romeo + Juliet, before achieving international fame in James Cameron's Titanic.\nSince the 2000s, DiCaprio has been nominated for awards for his work in such films as Catch Me If You Can, Gangs of New York, The Aviator, Blood Diamond, The Departed, Revolutionary Road, Django Unchained and The Wolf of Wall Street. His films Shutter Island and Inception rank among the biggest commercial successes of his career. DiCaprio owns a production company named Appian Way Productions, whose productions include the films Gardener of Eden and Orphan. A committed environmentalist, DiCaprio has received praise from environmental groups for his activism.
/m/0gzh	Abraham Lincoln was the 16th President of the United States, serving from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865. Lincoln led the United States through its Civil War—its bloodiest war and its greatest moral, constitutional and political crisis. In so doing he preserved the Union, abolished slavery, strengthened the national government and modernized the economy.\nReared in a poor family on the western frontier, Lincoln was a self-educated lawyer in Illinois, a Whig Party leader, state legislator during the 1830s, and a one-term member of the Congress during the 1840s. He promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks, canals, railroads and tariffs to encourage the building of factories; he opposed the war with Mexico in 1846. After a series of highly publicized debates in 1858 during which he opposed the expansion of slavery, Lincoln lost the U.S. Senate race to his archrival, Democrat Stephen A. Douglas. Lincoln, a moderate from a swing state, secured the Republican Party presidential nomination in 1860. With almost no support in the South, Lincoln swept the North and was elected president in 1860. His election prompted seven southern slave states to form the Confederacy. No compromise or reconciliation was found regarding slavery.
/m/016kv6	Salvador is a 1986 war drama film written by Oliver Stone and Richard Boyle, and directed by Stone. It stars James Woods, James Belushi, and Michael Murphy, with John Savage, Elpidia Carrillo, and Cynthia Gibb in supporting roles.\nThe film tells the story of an American journalist covering the Salvadoran Civil War who becomes entangled with both leftist guerrillas and the right wing military. The film is sympathetic towards the left wing revolutionaries and strongly critical of the U.S.-supported death squads, focusing on their murder of four American churchwomen, including Jean Donovan, and their assassination of Archbishop Óscar Romero.\nThe film was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen.
/m/04qy5	The Legion of Merit is a military award of the United States Armed Forces that is given for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services and achievements. The decoration is issued to members of the seven uniformed services of the United States as well as to military and political figures of foreign governments.\nThe Legion of Merit is one of only two United States military decorations to be issued as a neck order and the only United States decoration which may be issued in award degrees.\nThe Legion of Merit is sixth in the order of precedence of U.S. Military awards and is worn after the Defense Superior Service Medal and before the Distinguished Flying Cross. In contemporary use in the U.S. Armed Forces, the Legion of Merit is typically awarded to Army, Marine Corps, and Air Force general officers and colonels, and Navy and Coast Guard flag officers and captains occupying command or very senior staff positions in their respective services. It may also be awarded to officers of lesser rank and to very senior enlisted personnel, but these instances are less frequent and circumstances vary by branch of service. As such, the medal can be considered as \"points\" in some enlisted promotion systems, such as the Air Force, where it is counted as seven points. However, since the rare enlisted recipients are typically at the pinnacle of the enlisted pay grades, the utility of such points is marginal.
/m/03f2w	The German Democratic Republic, colloquially known in English as East Germany, was a state within the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War period. From 1949 to 1990, it administered the region of Germany which was occupied by Soviet forces at the end of the Second World War—the Soviet Occupation Zone of the Potsdam Agreement, bounded on the east by the Oder-Neisse line. The Soviet zone surrounded West Berlin, but did not include it; as a result, West Berlin remained outside the control of the GDR.\nThe German Democratic Republic was established in the Soviet Zone, while the Federal Republic was established in the three western zones. The East was often described as a satellite state of the Soviet Union. Soviet occupation authorities began transferring administrative responsibility to German communist leaders in 1948, and the GDR began to function as a state on 7 October 1949. Soviet forces however remained in the country throughout the Cold War to counter the heavy US military presence in the West. The Stasi security force was established to defend the state against political subversion and was helped by the Soviet Army to suppress an anti-Stalinist uprising in 1953. Until 1989, the GDR was governed by the Socialist Unity Party with other parties functioning in its alliance organisation, the National Front of Democratic Germany.
/m/01lv85	3rd Rock from the Sun is an American sitcom that aired from 1996 to 2001 on NBC. The show is about four extraterrestrials who are on an expedition to Earth, which they consider to be a very insignificant planet. The extraterrestrials pose as a human family in order to observe the behavior of human beings.
/m/0m0fw	Noise music is a category of music that is characterised by the expressive use of noise within a musical context. This type of music tends to challenge the distinction that is made in conventional musical practices between musical and non-musical sound. Noise music includes a wide range of musical styles, and sound based creative practices, that feature noise as a primary aspect. It can feature acoustically or electronically generated noise, and both traditional and unconventional musical instruments. It may incorporate live machine sounds, non-musical vocal techniques, physically manipulated audio media, processed sound recordings, field recording, computer generated noise, stochastic process and other randomly produced electronic signals such as distortion, feedback, static, hiss and hum. There may also be emphasis on high volume levels and lengthy, continuous pieces. More generally noise music may contain aspects such as improvisation, extended technique, cacophony and indeterminacy, and in many instances conventional use of melody, harmony, rhythm and pulse is often dispensed with.\nThe Futurist art movement was important for the development of the noise aesthetic, as was the Dada art movement, and later the Surrealist and Fluxus art movements, specifically the Fluxus artists Joe Jones, Yasunao Tone, George Brecht, Robert Watts, Wolf Vostell, Yoko Ono, Nam June Paik, Walter De Maria's Ocean Music, Milan Knížák's Broken Music Composition, early LaMonte Young and Takehisa Kosugi.
/m/03y1mlp	Lindy Hemming is a Welsh costume designer, who won the Academy Award for Costume Design for Topsy-Turvy. After studying at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, she designed costumes for productions at West End theatres, the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Royal National Theatre, and has also created costumes for the James Bond films from GoldenEye to Casino Royale.\nOther films she has worked on include The Krays, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, as well as Christopher Nolan's Batman films Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight Rises.\nAt the Costume Designers Guild Awards 2008, she won Best Costume Design in a Fantasy Film for The Dark Knight.
/m/094tsh6	Rick Kline is an American sound engineer. He has been nominated for eleven Academy Awards in the category Best Sound. He has worked on more than 200 films since 1978.
/m/01qd_r	The University of Colorado Boulder is a public research university located in Boulder, Colorado, United States. It is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system and was founded five months before Colorado was admitted to the union in 1876. According to The Public Ivies: America's Flagship Public Universities, it is considered one of the thirty \"Public Ivy League\" schools.\nIn 2010, the university consisted of nine colleges and schools and offered over 150 academic programs and enrolled 29,952 students. Eleven Nobel Laureates, nine MacArthur Fellows, and 18 astronauts have been affiliated with CU-Boulder as students, researchers, or faculty members in its history. The university received nearly US$454 million in sponsored research in 2010 to fund programs like the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics, and JILA.\nColorado Buffaloes competes in nine intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Pacific-12 Conference. The Buffaloes have won 26 NCAA championships: 19 in skiing, six total in men's and women's cross country, and one in football. Approximately 1,500 students participate in 34 intercollegiate club sports annually as well.
/m/0dt5k	Gwynedd is an area in north-west Wales, named after the old Kingdom of Gwynedd. As a local government area it is the second biggest in terms of geographical area and also one of the most sparsely populated. A large proportion of the population is Welsh-speaking. The name Gwynedd is also used for a preserved county, covering the two local government areas of Gwynedd and the Isle of Anglesey. Culturally and historically, the name can also be used for most of North Wales, corresponding to the approximate territory of the Kingdom of Gwynedd at its greatest extent. The current area is 2,548 square km.\nGwynedd is the home of Bangor University and includes the scenic Llŷn Peninsula, and most of Snowdonia National Park.
/m/0gd92	Chasing Amy is a 1997 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith. The central tension revolves around sexuality, sexual history, and evolving friendships. It is the third film in Smith's View Askewniverse series.\nThe film contains explicit sexual dialogue and was originally inspired by a brief scene from an early movie by a friend of Smith's. In Guinevere Turner's Go Fish, one of the lesbian characters imagines her friends passing judgment on her for \"selling out\" by sleeping with a man. Kevin Smith was dating star Joey Lauren Adams at the time he was writing the script, which was also partly inspired by her.\nThe film won two awards at the 1998 Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/03gj2	Hungary is a landlocked country in Central Europe. It is situated in the Carpathian Basin and is bordered by Slovakia to the north, Ukraine and Romania to the east, Serbia and Croatia to the south, Slovenia to the southwest and Austria to the west. The country's capital and largest city is Budapest. Hungary is a member of the European Union, NATO, the OECD, the Visegrád Group, and the Schengen Agreement. The official language is Hungarian, which is the most widely spoken non-Indo-European language in Europe.\nFollowing centuries of successive habitation by Celts, Romans, Huns, Slavs, Gepids, and Avars, the foundation of Hungary was laid in the late 9th century by the Hungarian grand prince Árpád in the Honfoglalás. His great-grandson Stephen I ascended to the throne in 1000 AD, converting the country to a Christian kingdom. By the 12th century, Hungary became a middle power within the Western world. Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526, Medieval Hungary collapsed and succumbed to 150 years of partial Ottoman occupation. Hungary eventually came under Habsburg rule, and later formed a significant part of the Austro–Hungarian Empire.
/m/0840vq	Pierre David Guetta, known commonly as David Guetta, is a French house producer and disc jockey. Originally a DJ at nightclubs during the 1980s and 1990s, he co-founded Gum Productions and released his first album, Just a Little More Love, in 2002. Later, he released Guetta Blaster and Pop Life.\nGuetta achieved mainstream success with his 2009 album One Love which included the hit singles \"When Love Takes Over\", \"Gettin' Over You\", \"Sexy Bitch\", all three of which reached #1 in the United Kingdom, and \"Memories\". The 2011 followup album, Nothing but the Beat, continued this success, containing the hit singles \"Where Them Girls At\", \"Little Bad Girl\", \"Without You\", \"Titanium\" and \"Turn Me On\".\nDavid Guetta has sold over six million albums and 15 million singles worldwide. In 2011 Guetta was voted as the #1 DJ in the 'DJ Mag Top 100 DJs' fan poll.
/m/0372kf	Jeffry Warren \"Jeff\" Daniels is an American actor, musician, and playwright. He founded a nonprofit theater company, the Purple Rose Theatre Company, in his home state of Michigan. He has performed in a number of stage productions, both on and off Broadway, and has been nominated for the Tony Award as Best Actor for the Broadway play God of Carnage, along with his other three castmates.\nHis film debut was in 1981's Ragtime, and his most recent film is Looper in 2012. For his work, he has received four Golden Globe Award nominations, including as Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture—Comedy/Musical for Woody Allen’s The Purple Rose of Cairo. He has also received nominations by the Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Awards, and several others for his work in The Squid and the Whale. He played Debra Winger’s husband in the 1983 Oscar-winning film Terms of Endearment. Currently, he stars as Will McAvoy in Aaron Sorkin's HBO television series The Newsroom, for which he won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2013.
/m/04pk1f	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 2005 film directed by Tim Burton. It is the second film adaptation of the 1964 British book of the same name by Roald Dahl and stars Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka and Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket. The storyline concerns Charlie, who takes a tour he has won, led by Wonka, through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world.\nDevelopment for another adaptation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, filmed previously as Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, began in 1991, 20 years after the first film version, which resulted in Warner Brothers providing the Dahl Estate with total artistic control. Prior to Burton's involvement, directors such as Gary Ross, Rob Minkoff, Martin Scorsese and Tom Shadyac had been involved, while Warner Bros. either considered or discussed the role of Willy Wonka with Nicolas Cage, Jim Carrey, Michael Keaton, Brad Pitt, Will Smith and Adam Sandler.\nBurton immediately brought regular collaborators Johnny Depp and Danny Elfman aboard. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory represents the first time since The Nightmare Before Christmas that Elfman contributed to the film score using written songs and his vocals. Filming took place from June to December 2004 at Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom, where Burton avoided using digital effects as much as possible. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was released to critical praise and was a box office success, grossing approximately $475 million worldwide.
/m/01cl2y	Reprise Records is an American record label, founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra. It was mostly inactive from 1976 to 1987. It is owned by Warner Music Group, and operated through Warner Bros. Records.
/m/0d193h	Pearl Jam is an American rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1990. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Stone Gossard, Jeff Ament, Mike McCready, and Eddie Vedder. The band's fifth and current drummer is Matt Cameron, of Soundgarden, who has been with the band since 1998.\nFormed after the demise of Gossard and Ament's previous band, Mother Love Bone, Pearl Jam broke into the mainstream with its debut album, Ten, in 1991. One of the key bands of the grunge movement in the early 1990s, over the course of the band's career, its members became noted for their refusal to adhere to traditional music industry practices, including refusing to make music videos, giving interviews and engaging in a much-publicized boycott of Ticketmaster. In 2006, Rolling Stone described the band as having \"spent much of the past decade deliberately tearing apart their own fame.\"\nTo date, the band has sold over 31.5 million records in the U.S, and an estimated 60 million worldwide. Pearl Jam has outlasted and outsold many of its contemporaries from the alternative rock breakthrough of the early 1990s, and is considered one of the most influential bands of the decade. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic referred to Pearl Jam as \"the most popular American rock & roll band of the '90s.\"
/m/03pp73	Michael Moriarty is an American-Canadian stage and screen actor, and a jazz musician. He played Benjamin Stone for the first four seasons in the TV series Law & Order.
/m/03qmg1	The baritone saxophone or \"bari sax\" is one of the largest members of the saxophone family, only being smaller than the bass, contrabass and subcontrabass saxophones. It is the lowest-pitched saxophone in common use, and uses a mouthpiece, reed, and ligature that are larger than the tenor, alto, and soprano saxophones, the other commonly found members of the family.
/m/09td7p	The following is a list of nominees and winners of the Screen Actors Guild Award Award for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role. The award was first given in 1994 and there are currently five nominees each year. There has been one tie in this category.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the performance won the Academy Award.\n\"‡\" indicates the performance was nominated for the Academy Award.
/m/0vzm	Austin is the capital of Texas and the seat of Travis County. Located in Central Texas and the American Southwest, it is the 11th-largest city in the United States of America and the fourth-largest city in the state of Texas. It was the third-fastest-growing large city in the nation from 2000 to 2006. Austin is also the second largest state capital in the United States. Austin has a population of 842,592. The city is the cultural and economic center of the five-county Austin–Round Rock metropolitan area, which had an estimated population 1,834,303.\nIn the 1830s, pioneers began to settle the area in central Austin along the Colorado River. After Republic of Texas Vice President Mirabeau B. Lamar visited the area during a buffalo-hunting expedition between 1837 and 1838, he proposed that the republic's capital then located in Houston, Texas, be relocated to the area situated on the north bank of the Colorado River near the present-day Congress Avenue Bridge. In 1839, the site was officially chosen as the republic's new capital and was incorporated under the name Waterloo. Shortly thereafter, the name was changed to Austin in honor of Stephen F. Austin, the \"Father of Texas\" and the republic's first secretary of state.
/m/01k_yf	Modest Mouse is an American indie rock band formed in 1993 in Issaquah, Washington, by singer/guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green, and bassist Eric Judy. Since their 1996 debut album, This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About, their lineup has centered around Brock, Green, and Judy. Guitarist Johnny Marr joined the band in May 2006, along with percussionist Joe Plummer and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso, to work on the album We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank. Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in February 2009. Their name is derived from a passage from the Virginia Woolf story \"The Mark on the Wall\" which reads, \"I wish I could hit upon a pleasant track of thought, a track indirectly reflecting credit upon myself, for those are the pleasantest thoughts, and very frequent even in the minds of modest, mouse-coloured people, who believe genuinely that they dislike to hear their own praises.\"
/m/01npcy7	Brian Austin Green is an American actor best known for his portrayal of David Silver on the television series, Beverly Hills, 90210, a role he played from 1990 to 2000. Green has also had series regular roles in Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, Freddie, Wedding Band, and Anger Management, as well as guest starring roles on Smallville and Desperate Housewives, playing the love interest of Bree Van de Kamp. In 2010, Green married actress Megan Fox, with whom he is raising three sons, one from a previous relationship and two with Fox.
/m/06pwq	Leland Stanford Junior University, commonly referred to as Stanford University, is a private research university in Stanford, California in the northwestern Silicon Valley near Palo Alto.\nLeland Stanford, former governor of and U.S. senator from California and leading railroad tycoon, and his wife, Jane Lathrop Stanford, founded the university in 1885 in memory of their son, Leland Stanford, Jr., who died of typhoid two months before his 16th birthday in 1884; it opened on October 1, 1891. The university was established as a coeducational and nondenominational institution. Tuition was free until the 1930s. The university struggled financially after Leland Stanford's 1893 death and after much of the campus was damaged by the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. Following World War II, Provost Frederick Terman supported faculty and graduates' entrepreneurialism to build self-sufficient local industry in what would become known as Silicon Valley. By 1970, Stanford was home to a linear accelerator, and was one of the original four ARPANET nodes.\nStanford is currently organized into seven academic Schools with a student body of approximately 7,000 undergraduates and 8,900 graduates. The University has nurtured many prominent alumni and its academic reputation has made it one of the most prestigious universities in the world. Since 1952, 58 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university. Moreover, it has produced the largest number of Turing Award laureates for a single academic institution and is the alma mater of 30 living billionaires and 17 astronauts. Stanford is also one of the leading producers of members of the United States Congress. Faculty and alumni have founded many prominent companies including Google, Hewlett-Packard, Nike, Sun Microsystems, and Yahoo!, and companies founded by Stanford alumni generate more than $2.7 trillion in annual revenue, equivalent to the 10th-largest economy in the world. Stanford is also home to the original papers of Martin Luther King, Jr.
/m/0n2vl	Ashtabula County is the northeasternmost county in the state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 101,497, which is a decrease of 1.2% from 102,728 in 2000. The county seat is Jefferson. The county is named for a Native American word meaning \"river of many fish\".\nThe county is probably best known for having seventeen covered bridges within the county limits. Grapes are a popular crop and there are several wineries in the region owing to the favorable microclimate created by the nearby lake. During the winter, Ashtabula County and neighboring Geauga and Lake Counties receives frequent lake effect snow and is part of the Southeastern Lake Erie Snowbelt.\nThe Ashtabula Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Ashtabula County.
/m/051q5	The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings joined the National Football League as an expansion team in 1960, and first took the field for the 1961 season. They currently participate in the North Division of the National Football Conference; prior to that, the Vikings were in the NFC Central Division, and before that they were in the NFL's Western Conference Central Division.\nThe Vikings played their home games at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis from 1982 to 2013. The Vikings played their last game at the Metrodome on December 29, 2013, defeating the Detroit Lions 14–13 to end the season. In May 2012, a bill was passed to build a new stadium for the team at the site of the Metrodome. The new stadium is expected to be open for the 2016 season. They will play their home games at TCF Bank Stadium while the new stadium is being built. From the team's first season in 1961 to 1981, the team called Metropolitan Stadium in suburban Bloomington home. The Vikings conducted summer training camp at Bemidji State University from 1961 to 1965. In 1966, the team moved to their current training camp at Minnesota State University in Mankato.
/m/01vwllw	Susan Abigail Sarandon is an American actress. She has worked in movies and television since 1969, and won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the 1995 film Dead Man Walking. As a professional actress, she regularly appears in PSA media, performing emotive appeals to television commercial audiences.
/m/02ktrs	Jennifer Kate Hudson is an American recording artist, actress and spokesperson. She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol, coming in seventh place. She made her film debut in Dreamgirls, which won her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, an NAACP Image Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award.\nShe won a Grammy Award for her eponymous debut album, Jennifer Hudson, which was released in 2008 on Arista Records and was certified gold by the RIAA for selling over 800,000 copies in the US; with sales exceeding 1 million copies worldwide. Additionally, it spawned the hit single \"Spotlight\". Her second album, I Remember Me, was released in March 2011, and reached number two on the Billboard 200, selling 165,000 copies in its first week of release. The album was certified gold by the RIAA, for shipping over 500,000 copies in the US.\nIn October 2008, after Hudson's mother, brother and nephew were killed in a shooting, Hudson stepped out of the public eye for three months. Hudson resumed her public appearances in 2009 and has since performed at the Super Bowl XLIII, the Grammy Awards, American Idol, and The Oprah Winfrey Show. Hudson has been described as a friend of President Barack Obama, who invited her to appear with him at a fundraiser in Beverly Hills in May 2009. She also performed at the White House at the \"Celebration of Music from the Civil Rights Movement\" event. Her vocal range is mezzo-soprano. Hudson has sold 1,280,000 albums and 2,237,000 tracks in the United States as of February 2012. In 2013, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/01sbv9	Madagascar is a 2005 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation, and released in movie theaters on May 27, 2005. The film tells the story of four Central Park Zoo animals who have spent their lives in blissful captivity and are unexpectedly shipped back to Africa, getting shipwrecked on the island of Madagascar. The voices of Ben Stiller, Jada Pinkett Smith, Chris Rock, and David Schwimmer are featured. Other voices include Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer, and Andy Richter.\nDespite its mixed critical reception, it was a success at the box office.\nA sequel, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa, was released on November 7, 2008. The third film in the series, Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted, was released on June 8, 2012.
/m/01b3bp	Jason Christopher Marsden is an American screen and voice actor who has done numerous voice roles in animated films, as well as various television series.
/m/01304j	Carlos Santana is a Mexican and American musician who first became famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s with his band, Santana, which pioneered a fusion of rock and Latin American music. The band's sound featured his melodic, blues-based guitar lines set against Latin and African rhythms featuring percussion instruments such as timbales and congas not generally heard in rock music. Santana continued to work in these forms over the following decades. He experienced a resurgence of popularity and critical acclaim in the late 1990s. In 2003 Rolling Stone magazine listed Santana at number 20 on their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. He has won 10 Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy Awards.
/m/0glqh5_	Contraband is an 2012 action crime thriller film directed by Baltasar Kormákur, starring Mark Wahlberg, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Foster, Caleb Landry Jones, Giovanni Ribisi, Lukas Haas, Diego Luna and J. K. Simmons. The film is a remake of the 2008 Icelandic film Reykjavík-Rotterdam which Baltasar Kormákur starred in. It was released on January 13, 2012 in the United States by Universal Pictures.
/m/01wv24	The Ateneo de Manila University is a Catholic private teaching and research university run by the Society of Jesus in the Philippines. It is the oldest Jesuit school in the Philippines and the third-oldest university in the Philippines, tracing its roots to 1859 when the City of Manila handed control of the Escuela Municipal de Manila in Intramuros, Manila, to the Jesuits. It remained a state-subsidized institution through the Spanish colonial period, offering primary, secondary and bachillerato education. It was privatized during the American occupation of the Philippines in the first half of the 20th century. The Ateneo de Manila awarded its first postgraduate degrees in 1949, and received its university charter in 1959.
/m/03dn9v	Peter Claver Cullen is a Canadian voice actor. He is best known as the original voice of Optimus Prime in the original 1980s Transformers animated series and Eeyore in the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise. Starting in 2007, Peter Cullen has reprised his role as Optimus Prime in all Transformers related media, starting with the first live-action film.
/m/01tv3x2	Timothy Lockwood Armstrong, known simply as Tim Armstrong and also by the stage names Tim Timebomb and earlier in his career known as Lint, is a multi-Grammy Award-winning American musician, songwriter, artist, director, poet, record producer and independent record label owner. He is best known as the singer/guitarist for the punk rock band Rancid and hip hop/punk rock supergroup the Transplants. Prior to forming Rancid, Armstrong was in the influential ska punk band Operation Ivy. In 1998, along with Brett Gurewitz of the band Bad Religion and owner of Epitaph Records, Armstrong founded Hellcat Records. In 2012, through his website, Armstrong started releasing music that influenced him, along with stripped-down cover songs of his own work under the name Tim Timebomb. He has released at least one song per week since late 2012. Armstrong is also an accomplished and sought-after songwriter for other artists. Armstrong won a Grammy Award for his work with Jimmy Cliff and Pink and has also worked with Gwen Stefani.
/m/07kjk7c	This is a list of the winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special.
/m/0d8lm	String instruments are musical instruments that produce sound from vibrating strings. In most strings instruments, the vibrations are transmitted to the body of the instrument, which also vibrate, along the air inside it. In the Hornbostel-Sachs scheme of musical instrument classification, used in organology, they are called chordophones. Some common instruments in the string family are violin, guitar, sitar, electric bass, viola, cello, harp, double bass, rabab, banjo, mandolin, ukulele, and bouzouki.
/m/01nhgd	Cleveland State University is a public university located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It was established in 1964 when the state of Ohio assumed control of Fenn College and absorbed the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in 1969. Today it is part of the University System of Ohio, has more than 100,000 alumni, and offers over 200 academic programs. Its mission is to \"encourage excellence, diversity, and engaged learning by providing a contemporary and accessible education in the arts, sciences, humanities and professions, and by conducting research, scholarship, and creative activity across these branches of knowledge.\"
/m/076_74	James Schamus is an award-winning screenwriter, co-founder of Good Machine production company, and he CEO of Focus Features until its merging with FilmDistrict, the motion picture production, financing, and worldwide distribution company. His output includes as screenwriter The Ice Storm, Eat, Drink, Man, Woman, both directed by Ang Lee, and as producer Brokeback Mountain, Lost in Translation, Milk, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Pianist, Coraline, and The Kids Are All Right. He is Professor of Professional Practice in Columbia University’s School of the Arts, where he teaches film history and theory. He is the author of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Gertrud: The Moving Word, published by the University of Washington Press. He earned his BA, MA, and Ph.D. in English from University of California, Berkeley.\nSchamus participates as a member of the Jury for the NYICFF, a local New York City Film Festival dedicated to screening films for children between the ages of 3 and 18. He was president of the jury for the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/0bx6zs	The 52nd Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held Sunday, September 10, 2000. The awards show was hosted by Garry Shandling and was broadcast on ABC. Nominees are listed below; winners are in bold. Two networks, Bravo and The WB, received their first major nominations. This remains the only year in which a show from The WB or its descendants received a major nomination.\nFor its second season, Will & Grace won Outstanding Comedy Series and led all comedy series with three major wins overall. Ally McBeal became the first defending champion, that wasn't cancelled or ended, that failed to be nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series since Get Smart in 1970.\nThe drama field was dominated by first year series The West Wing. In addition to winning Outstanding Drama Series it won five major awards total, leading all shows. When adding The West Wing 's technical categories it won nine awards, a record that still stands.
/m/028p0	Durante degli Alighieri, simply referred to as Dante, was a major Italian poet of the Middle Ages. His Divine Comedy, originally called Comedìa and later called Divina by Boccaccio, is widely considered the greatest literary work composed in the Italian language and a masterpiece of world literature.\nIn Italy he is known as il Sommo Poeta or just il Poeta. He, Petrarch and Boccaccio are also known as \"the three fountains\" or \"the three crowns\". Dante is also called \"the Father of the Italian language\".
/m/0f4hc	Pantothenic acid, also called pantothenate or vitamin B5, is a water-soluble vitamin. For many animals, pantothenic acid is an essential nutrient. Animals require pantothenic acid to synthesize coenzyme-A, as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats.\nPantothenic acid is the amide between pantoic acid and β-alanine. Its name derives from the Greek pantothen, meaning \"from everywhere\", and small quantities of pantothenic acid are found in nearly every food, with high amounts in whole-grain cereals, legumes, eggs, meat, royal jelly, avocado, and yogurt. It is commonly found as its alcohol analog, the provitamin panthenol, and as calcium pantothenate. Pantothenic acid is an ingredient in some hair and skin care products.\nPantothenic acid was discovered by Roger J. Williams in 1933.
/m/027t8fw	Dean Semler ACS ASC, is an Australian cinematographer. Over his career, he has worked as a cinematographer, camera operator, director, second unit director, and assistant director. He is a member of both the Australian Cinematographers Society and the American Society of Cinematographers.
/m/014zfs	William Henry \"Bill\" Cosby Jr. is an American comedian, actor, author, television producer, educator, musician and activist. A veteran stand-up performer, he got his start at the hungry i in San Francisco and various other clubs, then landed a starring role in the 1960s action show I Spy. He later starred in his own sitcom, The Bill Cosby Show. He was one of the major performers on the children's television series The Electric Company during its first two seasons, and created the educational cartoon comedy series Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, about a group of young friends growing up in the city. Cosby also acted in a number of films.\nDuring the 1980s, Cosby produced and starred in one of the decade's defining sitcoms, The Cosby Show, which aired eight seasons from 1984 to 1992. It was the number one show in America for five straight years. The sitcom highlighted the experiences and growth of an affluent African-American family. He also produced the spin-off sitcom A Different World, which became second to The Cosby Show in ratings. He starred in the sitcom Cosby from 1996 to 2000 and hosted Kids Say the Darndest Things for two seasons.\nIn 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante included him in his book The 100 Greatest African Americans.
/m/02tj96	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Instrumental Performance was awarded from 1970 to 1990 and in 1993. The award had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1970 to 1985 the award was known as Best R&B Instrumental Performance\nFrom 1986 to 1989 it was awarded as Best R&B Instrumental Performance\nIn 1990 and 1993 it was awarded as Best R&B Instrumental Performance\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/04dsnp	Sicko is a 2007 documentary film by American filmmaker Michael Moore. The film investigates health care in the United States, focusing on its health insurance and the pharmaceutical industry. The movie compares the for-profit, non-universal U.S. system with the non-profit universal health care systems of Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Cuba.\nSicko was made on a budget of approximately $9 million, and grossed $24.5 million theatrically in the United States. This box office take exceeded the official expectation of The Weinstein Company, which had hoped for a gross in line with Bowling for Columbine's $21.5 million US box office gross.
/m/0k049	Beverly Hills is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States, surrounded by the city of Los Angeles. Originally a Spanish ranch where lima beans were grown, it was incorporated in 1914 by a group of investors who had failed to find oil, but found water instead and eventually decided to develop it into a town. It is now home to 34,290 inhabitants. Sometimes merely known by one of its primary zip codes, \"90210\", it has been home to actors and celebrities. The city also includes the shopping district Rodeo Drive and the Beverly Hills Oil Field.
/m/02ccqg	Union College is a private, non-denominational liberal arts college located in Schenectady, New York, United States. Founded in 1795, it was the first institution of higher learning chartered by the New York State Board of Regents. In the 19th century, it became the \"Mother of Fraternities\", as three of the earliest such organizations were established there. After 175 years as a traditional all-male institution, Union College began enrolling women in 1970.\nThe college offers a liberal arts curriculum across some 21 academic departments, as well as opportunities for interdepartmental majors and self-designed organizing theme majors. In common with most liberal arts colleges, Union offers a wide array of courses in arts, sciences, literature, and foreign languages, but, in common with only a few other liberal arts colleges, Union also offers ABET-accredited undergraduate degrees in computer engineering, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering. Approximately 25% of students major in the social sciences; 9% in history; 10% in psychology; 11% in engineering; 10% in biology; 10% in the liberal arts; while some 5% design their own majors. By the time they graduate, about 60% of Union students will have engaged in some form of international study or study abroad.
/m/09sdmz	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in film.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.\n\"‡\" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/03x23q	Grambling State University is a historically black, public, coeducational university, located in Grambling, Louisiana. The university is the home of late head football coach Eddie Robinson, and is listed on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail. The University is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/03vfr_	The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 American traditional animated adventure comedy film based on the Nickelodeon television series SpongeBob SquarePants. The film was directed and produced by series creator Stephen Hillenburg, and stars the regular television cast of Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Clancy Brown, Rodger Bumpass, and Mr. Lawrence, as well as guest performances from Scarlett Johansson, Jeffrey Tambor, Alec Baldwin, and David Hasselhoff. The film was produced by Nickelodeon Movies, in association with Hillenburg's production company, United Plankton Pictures, and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The plot follows Plankton's evil plan to steal King Neptune's crown and send it to Shell City, where SpongeBob and Patrick must retrieve to save Mr. Krabs' life from Neptune's wrath and their home, Bikini Bottom, from Plankton's plan.\nFor more than a year, Stephen Hillenburg had been approached by Paramount Pictures to create a film based on the show, but he refused. When the film finally went into production, Hillenburg and the show's staff members halted production on the series, after the third season had been completed. A writing team consisting of Hillenburg, Paul Tibbitt, Derek Drymon, Aaron Springer, Kent Osborne and Tim Hill was assembled. They conceived the idea of a mythical hero's quest; a search for a stolen crown that would bring characters SpongeBob and Patrick to the surface. Originally, the film was meant to be the series finale, but Nickelodeon wanted more episodes, so Paul Tibbitt took over Hillenburg's position as showrunner and began working on a fourth season for broadcast in 2005. During the production, Jules Engel, Hillenburg's mentor at the California Institute of the Arts, died; the film was dedicated in his memory.
/m/0bymv	John Sidney McCain III is the senior United States Senator from Arizona. He was the Republican presidential nominee in the 2008 United States election.\nMcCain followed his father and grandfather, both four-star admirals, into the United States Navy, graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1958. He became a naval aviator, flying ground-attack aircraft from aircraft carriers. During the Vietnam War, he was almost killed in the 1967 USS Forrestal fire. In October 1967, while on a bombing mission over Hanoi, he was shot down, seriously injured, and captured by the North Vietnamese. He was a prisoner of war until 1973. McCain experienced episodes of torture, and refused an out-of-sequence early repatriation offer. His war wounds left him with lifelong physical limitations.\nHe retired from the Navy as a captain in 1981 and moved to Arizona, where he entered politics. Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982, he served two terms, and was then elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986, winning re-election easily four times, most recently in 2010. While generally adhering to conservative principles, McCain at times has had a media reputation as a \"maverick\" for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues. After being investigated and largely exonerated in a political influence scandal of the 1980s as a member of the Keating Five, he made campaign finance reform one of his signature concerns, which eventually led to the passage of the McCain-Feingold Act in 2002. He is also known for his work towards restoring diplomatic relations with Vietnam in the 1990s, and for his belief that the war in Iraq should be fought to a successful conclusion. McCain has chaired the Senate Commerce Committee, opposed spending that he considered to be pork barrel, and played a key role in alleviating a crisis over judicial nominations.
/m/05_pkf	Randy Edelman is an American film and television score composer.
/m/07z1m	Virginia, officially the Commonwealth of Virginia, is a U.S. state located in the South Atlantic region of the United States. Virginia is nicknamed the \"Old Dominion\" and the \"Mother of Presidents\" after the eight U.S. presidents born there. The geography and climate of the Commonwealth are shaped by the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Chesapeake Bay, which provide habitat for much of its flora and fauna. The capital of the Commonwealth is Richmond; Virginia Beach is the most populous city, though Fairfax County is the most populous political subdivision. The Commonwealth's estimated population is 8,260,405 as of 2013.\nThe area's history begins with several indigenous groups, including the Powhatan. In 1607 the London Company established the Colony of Virginia as the first permanent New World English colony. Slave labor and the land acquired from displaced Native American tribes each played a significant role in the colony's early politics and plantation economy. Virginia was one of the 13 Colonies in the American Revolution and joined the Confederacy in the American Civil War, during which Richmond was made the Confederate capital and Virginia's northwestern counties seceded to form the state of West Virginia. Although the Commonwealth was under single-party rule for nearly a century following Reconstruction, both major national parties are competitive in modern Virginia.
/m/01c9f2	The Grammy Award for Best Country Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality albums in the country music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented under the name of Best Country & Western Album in 1966 to Roger Miller for Dang Me/Chug-A-Lug and was discontinued the following year. In 1995 the category was revived and received its current denomination of Best Country Album. According to the category description guide for the 54th Grammy Awards, the award is presented to vocal or instrumental country albums containing at least 51% playing time of new recordings.\nThe Dixie Chicks are the most awarded performers in this category with four wins. Two-time award winners include Roger Miller and Lady Antebellum. Canadian singer Shania Twain is the only non-American winner in this category, to date. Trisha Yearwood holds the record for most nominations, with eight. Yearwood also holds the record for most nominations without a win.
/m/02rn_bj	Chris Seefried is an American artist, record producer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the lead vocalist and frontman of the bands Gods Child, Joe 90, and Low Stars, and as producer and co-writer for the neo-soul band Fitz and the Tantrums.
/m/02t3ln	Dropkick Murphys are an American Celtic punk band formed in Quincy, Massachusetts, in 1996. The band was initially signed to independent punk record label Hellcat Records, releasing five albums for the label, and making a name for themselves locally through constant touring and yearly St. Patrick's Day week shows, held in and around Boston. The 2004 single \"Tessie\" became the band's first hit and one of their biggest charting singles to date. The band's final Hellcat release, 2005's The Warrior's Code, included the song \"I'm Shipping Up to Boston\"; the song was featured in the 2006 Academy Award-winning movie The Departed, and went on to become the band's only Platinum-selling single to date, and remains one of their best-known songs.\nIn 2007, the band signed with Warner Bros. Records and began releasing music through their own vanity label, Born & Bred. 2007's The Meanest of Times made its debut at No. 20 on the Billboard charts and featured the successful single, \"The State of Massachusetts\", while 2011's Going Out in Style was an even bigger success, making its debut at No. 6, giving the band their highest-charting album to date. The band's eighth studio album, Signed and Sealed in Blood was released in 2013 making its debut at No. 9 on the Billboard charts.
/m/01k70_	Jenna Welch Bush Hager is the younger of the sororal twin daughters of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush, and a granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush. She and her sister Barbara were the first twin children of a U.S. president. Hager is an author, an editor-at-large for Southern Living magazine, a special correspondent for NBC's Today Show and a contributor to NBC Nightly News .
/m/01ycfv	Michael Arnold Kamen was an American composer, orchestral arranger, orchestral conductor, song writer, and session musician.
/m/09gwd	Phenylalanine is an α-amino acid with the formula C6H5CH2CHCOOH. This essential amino acid is classified as nonpolar because of the hydrophobic nature of the benzyl side chain. L-Phenylalanine is an electrically neutral amino acid, one of the twenty common amino acids used to biochemically form proteins, coded for by DNA. The codons for L-phenylalanine are UUU and UUC. Phenylalanine is a precursor for tyrosine, the monoamine signaling molecules dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine, and the skin pigment melanin.\nPhenylalanine is found naturally in the breast milk of mammals. It is used in the manufacture of food and drink products and sold as a nutritional supplement for its reputed analgesic and antidepressant effects. It is a direct precursor to the neuromodulator phenylethylamine, a commonly used dietary supplement.
/m/03__77	The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan's home ground is Pakhtakor Markaziy Stadium in Tashkent and their current head coach is Mirjalol Qosimov. Uzbekistan have never qualified to the final stages of the World Cup.
/m/02ryyk	The Republic of Ireland national football team represents Ireland in association football. It is governed by the Football Association of Ireland and plays its home fixtures at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin.\nThe team made its debut at the 1924 Summer Olympics, reaching the quarter-finals. Between 1924 and 1936, the team competed as the Irish Free State and from then until 1950, it was referred to by the FAI as Éire or Ireland. In 1953, FIFA decreed that for competitive matches in tournaments that both Irish teams may enter, the FAI team would be officially called the Republic of Ireland while the IFA team was to be named Northern Ireland.\nUnder the guidance of Jack Charlton and his successor Mick McCarthy, the team enjoyed its most successful era, qualifying for UEFA Euro 1988 in their first appearance at the UEFA European Championship, reaching the quarterfinals of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in their first ever appearance at the finals, and making the last 16 at both the 1994 and 2002 FIFA World Cups. Under Giovanni Trapattoni, the team narrowly lost out on qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup during a controversial play-off but went on to qualify for UEFA Euro 2012. The team failed to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil which marked the end of Giovanni Trapattoni. For the next qualifying campaign under new manager Martin O'Neill, Ireland have been drawn with Germany, Poland, Scotland, Georgia and Gibraltar.
/m/0_92w	Unforgiven is a 1992 American Western film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with a screenplay written by David Webb Peoples. The film portrays William Munny, an aging outlaw and killer who takes on one more job years after he had turned to farming. A dark Western that deals frankly with the uglier aspects of violence and the myth of the Old West, it stars Eastwood in the lead role, with Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, and Richard Harris. Eastwood has stated that the film will be his final Western film.\nEastwood dedicated the movie to deceased directors and mentors Don Siegel and Sergio Leone. The film won four Academy Awards: Best Picture and Best Director for Clint Eastwood, Best Supporting Actor for Gene Hackman, and Best Film Editing for editor Joel Cox. Eastwood was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, but he lost to Al Pacino for Scent of a Woman. In 2004, Unforgiven was added to the United States National Film Registry as being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".\nThe film was the third Western to win the Oscar for Best Picture, following Cimarron and Dances With Wolves.
/m/031y2	Florence is the capital city of the Italian region of Tuscany and of the province of Florence. It is the most populous city in Tuscany, with approximately 370,000 inhabitants, expanding to over 1.5 million in the metropolitan area.\nFlorence is famous for its history. A centre of medieval European trade and finance and one of the wealthiest cities of the time, Florence is considered the birthplace of the Renaissance, and has been called \"the Athens of the Middle Ages\". A turbulent political history includes periods of rule by the powerful Medici family, and numerous religious and republican revolutions. From 1865 to 1871 the city was also the capital of the recently established Kingdom of Italy.\nThe historic centre of Florence attracts millions of tourists each year, and Euromonitor International ranked the city as the world's 72nd most visited in 2009, with 1,685,000 visitors. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1982. Due to Florence's artistic and architectural heritage, it has been ranked by Forbes as one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and the city is noted for its history, culture, Renaissance art and architecture and monuments. The city also contains numerous museums and art galleries, such as the Uffizi Gallery and the Pitti Palace, amongst others, and still exerts an influence in the fields of art, culture and politics.
/m/0y54	Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax, also referred to as AFC Ajax, Ajax Amsterdam or simply Ajax, is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam. Historically, Ajax is the most successful club in the Netherlands, with 32 Eredivisie titles and 18 KNVB Cups. Along with PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord, it is one of the country's \"big three\" clubs who have dominated Dutch football, as well as being the only three clubs that have never been relegated from the top division.\nAjax is historically one of the most successful clubs in the world; according to the IFFHS, Ajax were the seventh most successful European club of the 20th century. The club is one of the five teams that has earned the right to keep the European Cup and to wear a multiple-winner badge; they won consecutively in 1971–1973. In 1972, they completed the continental treble by winning the Eredivisie, KNVB Cup, and the European Cup. Ajax's last international trophies were the 1995 Intercontinental Cup and the 1995 Champions League, where they defeated Milan in the final; they lost the 1996 Champions League final on penalties to Juventus.\nAjax is also one of three teams to win the continental treble and the Intercontinental Cup in the same season/calendar year; This was achieved in the 1971–72 season. Ajax, Juventus, Bayern Munich, and Chelsea are the four clubs to have won all three major UEFA club competitions. They have also won the Intercontinental Cup twice, the 1991–92 UEFA Cup, as well as the Karl Rappan Cup, a predecessor of the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 1962. Ajax plays at the Amsterdam Arena, which opened in 1996. They previously played at De Meer Stadion and the Amsterdam Olympic Stadium.
/m/0fvd03	The University of Westminster is a public research university in London, United Kingdom. Its antecedent institution, the Royal Polytechnic, was founded in 1838 and was the first polytechnic in the UK. Westminster was awarded university status in 1992.\nIts headquarters and original campus are in Regent Street in the Westminster area of central London, with additional campuses in Fitzrovia, Marylebone and Harrow. It operates the Westminster International University in Tashkent in Uzbekistan and a satellite campus in Paris, France through the Diplomatic Academy of London.\nWestminster's academic activities are organised into seven schools, within which there are around 45 departments and 65 research centres. Westminster had an income of £164.6 million in 2010/11, of which £5.5 million was from research grants and contracts.\nWestminster is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the Association of MBAs, EFMD, the European University Association and Universities UK.
/m/047d21r	The Fighter is a 2010 biographical sports drama film directed by David O. Russell, and starring Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Melissa Leo. The film centers on the life of professional boxer Micky Ward and his older half-brother Dicky Eklund. The film also stars Amy Adams as Micky's love interest, and Melissa Leo as Micky's and Dicky's mother. The Fighter is Russell and Wahlberg's third film collaboration, following Three Kings and I Heart Huckabees.\nThe film was released in select North American theaters on December 17, 2010 and was released in the United Kingdom on February 4, 2011. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director, winning the awards for Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress. It was the first film to win both awards since Hannah and Her Sisters in 1986.
/m/0735l	Streaming media is multimedia that is constantly received by and presented to an end-user while being delivered by a provider. Its verb form, \"to stream\", refers to the process of delivering media in this manner; the term refers to the delivery method of the medium rather than the medium itself.\nA client media player can begin playing the data before the entire file has been transmitted. Distinguishing delivery method from the media distributed applies specifically to telecommunications networks, as most other delivery systems are either inherently streaming or inherently nonstreaming. For example, in the 1930s, elevator music was among the earliest popularly available streaming media; nowadays Internet television is a common form of streamed media. The term \"streaming media\" can apply to media other than video and audio such as live closed captioning, ticker tape, and real-time text, which are all considered \"streaming text\". The term \"streaming\" was first used in the early 1990s as a better description for video on demand on IP networks; at the time such video was usually referred to as \"store and forward video\", which was misleading nomenclature.
/m/02wt0	Fiji, officially the Republic of Fiji, is an island country in Melanesia in the South Pacific Ocean about 1,100 nautical miles northeast of New Zealand's North Island. Its closest neighbours are Vanuatu to the west, France's New Caledonia to the southwest, New Zealand's Kermadec to the southeast, Tonga to the east, the Samoas and France's Wallis and Futuna to the northeast, and Tuvalu to the north.\nThe country comprises an archipelago of more than 332 islands, of which 110 are permanently inhabited, and more than 500 islets, amounting to a total land area of circa 18,300 square kilometres. The farthest island is Onu-i-Lau. The two major islands, Viti Levu and Vanua Levu, account for 87% of the population of almost 860,000. The capital and largest city, Suva, is on Viti Levu. About three-quarters of Fijians live on Viti Levu's coasts, either in Suva or in smaller urban centres like Nadi or Lautoka. Viti Levu's interior is sparsely inhabited due to its terrain.\nThe majority of Fiji's islands were formed through volcanic activity starting around 150 million years ago. Today, some geothermal activity still occurs on the islands of Vanua Levu and Taveuni. Fiji has been inhabited since the second millennium BC. In the 17th and 18th centuries, the Dutch and the British explored Fiji, which was a Crown Colony until 1970, this administration lasting almost a century. During World War II, thousands of Fijians volunteered to aid in Allied efforts via their attachment to the New Zealand and Australian army units. The Republic of Fiji Military Forces consist of land and naval units.
/m/09x8ms	Adrian Adolph Greenberg, most widely known as Adrian, was an American costume designer whose most famous costumes were for The Wizard of Oz and other Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films of the 1930s and 1940s. During his career, he designed costumes for over 250 films and his screen credits usually read as \"Gowns by Adrian\". On occasion, he was credited as Gilbert Adrian, a combination of his father's forename and his own.
/m/06q8hf	Robert \"Bob\" Weinstein is an American film producer. He is the founder and head of Dimension Films, former co-chairman of Miramax Films, and current head, with his brother Harvey Weinstein, of The Weinstein Company. Of the two Weinstein brothers, Bob has a reputation as the quieter of the two, and has focused on making commercially successful action and horror films.
/m/012j8z	Walter Davis Pidgeon was an American actor of Canadian birth who starred in many films, including Mrs. Miniver, The Bad and the Beautiful, Forbidden Planet, Advise & Consent, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, Funny Girl and Harry in Your Pocket.
/m/01kmyh	Livorno, English traditionally Leghorn, is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Livorno, having a population of approximately 161,000 residents in 2011.
/m/024dw0	Robert Wyatt is an English musician, and founding member of the influential Canterbury scene band Soft Machine, with a long and distinguished solo career. He is married to English painter and songwriter Alfreda Benge.
/m/05pzdk	Tim Carvell is an American writer known for this work for the TV comedy series The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and for his print work in publications such as Mad and The New York Times.
/m/058bzgm	Winners of the Locus Award for Best First Novel, awarded by the Locus magazine. Awards presented in a given year are for works published in the previous calendar year.\nThe award for Best First Novel was first presented in 1981, and is among the awards still presented.
/m/03061d	Dylan McDermott is an American actor. He is best known for his role as lawyer and law firm head Bobby Donnell on the legal drama series The Practice, which earned him a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award nomination. He is also well known for his roles in the first two seasons of American Horror Story, entitled American Horror Story: Murder House and American Horror Story: Asylum portraying Dr. Ben Harmon and Johnny Morgan, respectively. He also starred as Lt. Carter Shaw on the TNT series Dark Blue, and FBI Special Agent Duncan Carlisle in the CBS drama series Hostages.
/m/0ywrc	The Last Emperor is a 1987 biopic about the life of Puyi, the last Emperor of China, whose autobiography was the basis for the screenplay written by Mark Peploe and Bernardo Bertolucci. Independently produced by Jeremy Thomas, it was directed by Bertolucci and released in 1987 by Columbia Pictures. Puyi's life is depicted from his ascent to the throne as a small boy to his imprisonment and political rehabilitation by the Chinese Communist authorities.\nThe film stars John Lone as Puyi, with Joan Chen, Peter O'Toole, Ruocheng Ying, Victor Wong, Dennis Dun, Ryuichi Sakamoto, Maggie Han, Ric Young, Vivian Wu, and Chen Kaige. It was the first feature film for which the producers were authorized by the Chinese government to film in the Forbidden City in Beijing. It won nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director.
/m/059dn	The North Atlantic Treaty Organization, also called the Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty which was signed on 4 April 1949. The organization constitutes a system of collective defence whereby its member states agree to mutual defense in response to an attack by any external party. NATO's headquarters are in Brussels, Belgium, one of the 28 member states across North America and Europe, the newest of which, Albania and Croatia, joined in April 2009. An additional 22 countries participate in NATO's \"Partnership for Peace\", with 15 other countries involved in institutionalized dialogue programmes. The combined military spending of all NATO members constitutes over 70% of the world's defence spending.\nNATO was little more than a political association until the Korean War galvanized the organization's member states, and an integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two U.S. supreme commanders. The course of the Cold War led to a rivalry with nations of the Warsaw Pact, which formed in 1955. Doubts over the strength of the relationship between the European states and the United States ebbed and flowed, along with doubts over the credibility of the NATO defence against a prospective Soviet invasion—doubts that led to the development of the independent French nuclear deterrent and the withdrawal of the French from NATO's military structure in 1966. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, the organization was drawn into the breakup of Yugoslavia, and conducted its first military interventions in Bosnia from 1992 to 1995 and later Yugoslavia in 1999. Politically, the organization sought better relations with former Warsaw Pact countries, several of which joined the alliance in 1999 and 2004.
/m/0gyfp9c	Starring Academy Award® Nominee John Hawkes, Academy Award® Nominee William H. Macy and Academy Award® Winner Helen Hunt, the film is based on the true story of California-based journalist and poet Mark O'Brien. Portrayed by the exceptionally gifted John Hawkes - who gives a career-defining performance, O'Brien's story is the immensely poignant and surprisingly funny tale of a man, paralyzed by polio who - at age 38 - is determined to finally lose his virginity.
/m/0b28g	Dover is a town and major ferry port in the home county of Kent, in South East England. It faces France across the narrowest part of the English Channel, and lies south-east of Canterbury; east of Kent's administrative capital Maidstone; and north-east along the coastline from Dungeness and Hastings. The town is the administrative centre of the Dover District and home of the Dover Calais ferry through the Port of Dover. The surrounding chalk cliffs have become known as the White Cliffs of Dover, and the narrow sea passage nearby – the Strait of Dover. Its strategic position has been evident throughout its history: archaeological finds have revealed that the area has always been a focus for peoples entering and leaving Britain. The name of the town derives from the name of the river that flows through it, the River Dour. The town has been inhabited since the Stone Age according to archaeological finds, and Dover is one of only a few places in Britain – London and Cornwall being other examples – to have a corresponding name in the French language, Douvres.\nThere was a military barracks in Dover, which was closed in 2007. Although many of the former ferry services have declined, services related to the Port of Dover provide a great deal of the town’s employment, as does tourism. The prospect of privatising the sale of the Port of Dover to create increased cash flow for the government was given a recent ironic twist due to the rejection of a possible bid from the town of Calais in France after opposition in Dover against any sale forced the government to withdraw the Port from the market:
/m/04cbbz	Rambo III is a 1988 American action film. The film depicts fictional events during the Soviet war in Afghanistan. It is the third film in the Rambo series following First Blood and Rambo: First Blood Part II. It was in turn followed by Rambo in 2008, making it the last film in the series to feature Richard Crenna as Colonel Sam Trautman before his death in 2003.\nSixty-five seconds of the movie were cut in the UK version for theatrical release. Some later video releases almost tripled the cuts.
/m/04t38b	Irwin Winkler is an American film producer and director. He is the producer or director of 50 major motion pictures, dating back to 1967's Double Trouble, starring Elvis Presley. The fourth film he produced, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, starring Jane Fonda, was nominated for nine Academy Awards. In 1976, he won an Oscar for Best Picture for Rocky. As a producer, he has been nominated for Best Picture for three other films: Raging Bull, The Right Stuff, and Goodfellas.
/m/01wdl3	The University of Alabama is a public research university located in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, USA, and the flagship of the University of Alabama System. Founded in 1831, UA is one of the oldest and the largest of the universities in Alabama. UA offers programs of study in 13 academic divisions leading to bachelor's, master's, Education Specialist, and doctoral degrees. The only publicly supported law school in the state is at UA. Other academic programs unavailable elsewhere in Alabama include doctoral programs in anthropology, library and information studies, metallurgical engineering, music, Romance languages, and social work. The university is ranked first among public institutions and fourth out of all universities in the 2012–2013 enrollment of National Merit Scholars with 241 enrolled in the fall 2012 freshman class.\nAs one of the first public universities established in the early 19th century southwestern frontier of the United States, the University of Alabama has left a vast cultural imprint on the state, region and nation over the past two centuries. The school was a center of activity during the American Civil War and the African-American Civil Rights Movement. The University of Alabama varsity football program, which was inaugurated in 1892, ranks as one of 10 winningest programs in US history. In a 1913 speech then-president George H. Denny extolled the university as the \"capstone of the public school system in the state [of Alabama],\" lending the university its current nickname, The Capstone.
/m/01wb8bs	Roger Bart is an American actor and singer who has received Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, and Screen Actors Guild Awards.
/m/047fjjr	Shanghai is a 2010 American mystery/thriller neo-noir film directed by Mikael Håfström, starring John Cusack and Gong Li. The film was released in China on June 17, 2010. It has never been released in the United States.
/m/0xckc	Livonia is a city in the northwest part of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Livonia is a very large suburb with an array of traditional neighborhoods connected to the metropolitan area by freeways. The population was 96,942 at the 2010 census, making it Michigan's 9th largest municipality. The municipality is a part of Metro Detroit, and is located approximately 15 miles northwest from downtown Detroit, and less than two miles from the western city limits of Detroit.
/m/03dbds	Richard Stuart Linklater is an American film director and screenwriter. He is known for films such as Slacker, Dazed and Confused, Waking Life, A Scanner Darkly, School of Rock, and Before Sunrise and its sequels.
/m/08jyyk	Experimental rock or avant-garde rock is a type of music based on rock which experiments with the basic elements of the genre, or which pushes the boundaries of common composition and performance technique.\nPerformers may also attempt to individualize their music with unconventional time signatures, instrumental tunings, unusual harmony and key signatures, compositional styles, lyrical techniques, elements of other musical genres, singing styles, instrumental effects or custom-made experimental musical instruments.
/m/011yth	The Insider is a 1999 American drama film directed by Michael Mann based on the true story of a 60 Minutes segment about tobacco industry whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand. The 60 Minutes story originally aired in November 1995 in an altered form because of objections by CBS' then-owner, Laurence Tisch, who also controlled the Lorillard Tobacco Company. The story was later aired on February 4, 1996.\nProduced by Touchstone Pictures, the film stars Al Pacino and Russell Crowe, with Christopher Plummer, Bruce McGill, Diane Venora, Michael Gambon, Philip Baker Hall, Lindsay Crouse, Gina Gershon, Debi Mazar, and Colm Feore in supporting roles.\nThe script was adapted by Eric Roth and Mann from Marie Brenner's Vanity Fair article \"The Man Who Knew Too Much\".\nIt was nominated for seven Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Actor in a Leading Role, Best Cinematography, Best Director, Best Editing, Best Sound and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material Previously Produced or Published.
/m/02zd2b	Western Illinois University is a public university located in Macomb, Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1899 as Western Illinois State Normal School. Like many similar institutions of the time, Western Illinois State Normal School focused on teacher training for its relatively small body of students. As the normal school grew, it became Western Illinois State Teachers College. Today, Western Illinois University is composed of two campuses that provide a wide range of academic programs. While the main campus is in Macomb, Western Illinois University-Quad Cities is in Moline, Illinois.
/m/01515w	Edward Harrison Norton is an American actor, screenwriter, film director and producer. In 1996, in his debut film, his supporting role in the courtroom drama Primal Fear garnered him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Two years later, his lead role as a reformed white power skinhead in American History X earned a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.\nHis other performances are diverse in range and include supporting roles in the biographical drama The People vs. Larry Flynt and the comedy Everyone Says I Love You, starring roles in the cult hit Fight Club, 25th Hour, The Illusionist and Leaves of Grass, a rare villain turn in The Italian Job and an unrecognizable appearance in Kingdom of Heaven.\nIn addition to acting, Norton has experience writing and directing films. He made his directorial debut with the film Keeping the Faith. In addition to this, he performed uncredited work on the scripts for The Score, Frida, and The Incredible Hulk. He also appeared as a character in all of these films. He starred as Jack Teller in The Score, alongside Robert De Niro, and as Dr. Bruce Banner, the alter-ego of the Marvel Comics superhero the Hulk in The Incredible Hulk. He also had a minor role in Frida as Nelson Rockefeller.
/m/035wtd	Oklahoma City University, often referred to as OCU or OKCU, is a coeducational, urban, private university historically affiliated with the United Methodist Church. It is located in the midtown district of Oklahoma City, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.\nThe university offers undergraduate bachelor's degrees, graduate master's degrees and doctoral degrees, organized into eight colleges and schools and one Methodist seminary. Students can major in more than 70 undergraduate majors, 17 graduate degrees, including a JD, MBA and PhD in Nursing, and an Adult Studies Program for working adults to earn a Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree. The university has approximately 4,000 students, including 1,600 graduate students. OCU has a large student life network including athletics, honor societies, clubs and student organizations, and fraternities and sororities. The official school and athletic colors are blue and white. Alumni and former students have gone on to prominent careers in government and law, business, education, sports, arts, and entertainment.
/m/04f52jw	How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film by DreamWorks Animation loosely based on the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. The film was directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois, the duo who directed Disney's Lilo & Stitch. It stars the voices of Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and David Tennant.\nThe story takes place in a mythical Viking world where a young Viking teenager named Hiccup aspires to follow his tribe's tradition of becoming a dragon slayer. After finally capturing his first dragon, and with his chance at finally gaining the tribe's acceptance, he finds that he no longer has the desire to kill it and instead befriends it.\nThe film was released March 26, 2010 and was a critical and commercial success, receiving critical acclaim from film critics and audiences and earning nearly $500 million worldwide. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards, but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network, respectively. The movie also won ten Annie Awards, including Best Animated Feature.
/m/0b3n61	Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is a 2008 American computer-animated comedy film written by Etan Cohen, and directed by Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath. This sequel to the 2005 film Madagascar continues the adventures of Alex the Lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, and Gloria the Hippo. It stars the voices of Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer, and Andy Richter. Also providing voices are Bernie Mac, Alec Baldwin, Sherri Shepherd, Elisa Gabrielli, and will.i.am. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures, and was released on November 7, 2008.\nThe film starts as a prequel, showing a small part of Alex's early life, including his capture by hunters. It soon moves to shortly after the point where the original left off, with the animals deciding to return to New York. They board an airplane in Madagascar, but crash-land in Africa, where each of the central characters meets others of the same species; Alex is reunited with his parents. Problems arise, and their resolution occupies much of the remainder of the film.
/m/015vq_	Robert William \"Bob\" Hoskins, Jr. is a retired English actor known for playing Cockneys and gangsters. He has appeared in films such as The Long Good Friday, Mona Lisa, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Mermaids, Hook, Nixon, A Christmas Carol, Neverland, and his final role in Snow White and the Huntsman.\nHoskins was the recipient of the prestigious Prix d'interprétation masculine as well as winning the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama for his role in Mona Lisa and an International Emmy Award for best actor for his appearance on BBC One drama The Street in 2009.
/m/0lpfh	Lima is the capital and the largest city of Peru. It is located in the valleys of the Chillón, Rímac and Lurín rivers, in the central coastal part of the country, overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Together with the seaport of Callao, it forms a contiguous urban area known as the Lima Metropolitan Area. With a population approaching 9 million, Lima is the most populous metropolitan area of Peru, and the fifth largest city in the Americas.\nLima was founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro on January 18, 1535, as Ciudad de los Reyes. It became the capital and most important city in the Spanish Viceroyalty of Peru. Following the Peruvian War of Independence, it became the capital of the Republic of Peru. Today, around one-third of the Peruvian population lives in the metropolitan area.\nLima is home to one of the oldest higher learning institutions in the New World. The National University of San Marcos, founded on May 12, 1551 during Spanish colonial regime, is the oldest continuously functioning university in the Americas.\nIn October 2013, Lima was chosen in a ceremony in Toronto to host the 2019 Pan American Games, winning with an enormous advantage over the other two finalist cities.
/m/027pfg	Big Fish is a 2003 American fantasy drama based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Daniel Wallace. The film was directed by Tim Burton and stars Ewan McGregor, Albert Finney, Billy Crudup, Jessica Lange, and Marion Cotillard. Other roles are performed by Helena Bonham Carter, Matthew McGrory, and Danny DeVito among others. Finney plays Edward Bloom, a former traveling salesman from the Southern United States with a gift for storytelling, now confined to his deathbed. Bloom's estranged son, a journalist played by Crudup, attempts to mend their relationship as his dying father relates tall tales of his eventful life as a young adult, played by Ewan McGregor.\nScreenwriter John August read a manuscript of the novel six months before it was published and convinced Columbia Pictures to acquire the rights. August began adapting the novel while producers negotiated with Steven Spielberg who planned to direct after finishing Minority Report. Spielberg considered Jack Nicholson for the role of Edward Bloom, but eventually dropped the project to focus on Catch Me If You Can. Tim Burton and Richard D. Zanuck took over after completing Planet of the Apes and brought Ewan McGregor and Albert Finney on board.
/m/060j8b	John Burke Krasinski is an American actor, film director, and writer. He is known for playing Jim Halpert on the NBC sitcom The Office. He has appeared in many films, including Away We Go, Leatherheads, License to Wed, Big Miracle, Something Borrowed, It's Complicated, and Promised Land.
/m/026rm_y	Christoph Waltz is an Austrian-German actor. Internationally, he is best known for his works with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino. He received acclaim for his supporting roles as SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Tarantino's Django Unchained. For each performance, Waltz won an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. Additionally, he received the Best Actor Award at the Cannes Film Festival and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of Landa.
/m/0154qm	Catherine Élise \"Cate\" Blanchett is an Australian actress who has received several accolades, including a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTAs, and an Academy Award.\nShe came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in the 1998 film Elizabeth, for which she won the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and Golden Globe awards, and earned her first Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. Blanchett appeared as the elf Lady Galadriel in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy from 2001 to 2003. In 2004, Blanchett's portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's The Aviator brought her numerous awards, including an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nBlanchett's other notable films include Babel, Notes on a Scandal, I'm Not There, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. She achieved further success in 2013 for her starring role in Blue Jasmine, earning her a third Golden Globe Award, a third BAFTA Award, and a sixth Academy Award nomination.\nBlanchett was appointed Chevalier the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government on 30 March 2012.
/m/02624g	Peter Hayden Dinklage is an American actor. Since his breakout role in The Station Agent, he has appeared in films such as Elf, Find Me Guilty, Underdog, the British film Death at a Funeral and its American remake of the same name, The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, A Little Bit of Heaven, Ice Age: Continental Drift, and Knights of Badassdom. Since 2011, he has played Tyrion Lannister in the HBO series Game of Thrones, which earned him the Emmy and the Golden Globe Award for Supporting Actor in 2011.
/m/0347xl	Amy Frederica Brenneman is an American actress and producer. She is best known for her roles as Detective Janice Licalsi in the ABC series NYPD Blue, as Judge Amy Gray in CBS drama Judging Amy, and as Violet Turner in ABC medical series Private Practice. In film, Brenneman starred in Heat, Fear, Daylight, Nine Lives, The Jane Austen Book Club and 88 Minutes. She was nominated for five Primetime Emmys and three Golden Globe Awards.
/m/0cn_tpv	The Kingdom of France, was a medieval and early modern monarchy in Western Europe, the predecessor of the modern French Republic. It was one of the most powerful states in Europe, a great power since the Late Middle Ages and the Hundred Years' War. It was also an early colonial power, with significant possessions in North America.\nFrance originated as West Francia, the western half of the Carolingian empire, with the Treaty of Verdun. A branch of the Carolingian dynasty continued to rule until 987, when Hugh Capet was elected king and founded the Capetian dynasty. The territory remained known as Francia and its ruler as rex Francorum well into the High Middle Ages. The first king calling himself roi de France was Philip II, in 1190. France continued to be ruled by the Capetians and their cadet lines—the Valois and Bourbon—until the monarchy was overthrown in 1792 during the French Revolution.\nFrance in the Middle Ages was a de-centralised, feudal state. In Brittany and Catalonia the authority of the French king was barely felt. Lorraine and Provence were states of the Holy Roman Empire and not yet a part of France. Initially, West Frankish kings were elected by the secular and ecclesiastic magnates, but the regular coronation of the eldest son of the reigning king during his father's lifetime established the principle of male primogeniture, which became codified in the Salic law. During the late Middle Ages, the Kings of England laid claim to the French throne, resulting in a series of conflicts known as the Hundred Years' War. Subsequently France sought to extend its influence into Italy, but was defeated by Spain in the ensuing Italian Wars.
/m/02xv8m	Oliver James Platt is an American actor. He starred in the Showtime original series, The Big C with Laura Linney.
/m/03cfjg	John Martin \"Marty\" Stuart is an American country music singer-songwriter, known for both his traditional style, and eclectic merging of rockabilly, honky tonk, and traditional country music. In the early 1990s, he had a successful string of country hits.
/m/070mff	The One Hundred Twelfth United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013. It convened in Washington, D.C. on January 3, 2011, and ended on January 3, 2013, 17 days before the end of the presidential term to which Barack Obama was elected in 2008. Senators elected to regular terms in 2006 completed those terms in this Congress. This Congress included the last House of Representatives elected from congressional districts that were apportioned based on the 2000 census.\nIn the 2010 midterm elections, the Republican Party won the majority in the House of Representatives. While the Democrats kept their Senate majority, it was reduced from the previous Congress. This was the first Congress in which the House and Senate were controlled by different parties since the 107th Congress, and the first Congress to begin that way since the 99th Congress. In this Congress, the House of Representatives had the largest number of Republican members, 242, since the 80th Congress. It was also the first Congress since 1947 in which no member of the Kennedy family served, as well as the most politically polarized Congress since Reconstruction, with record low approval ratings.
/m/01hv3t	The Truman Show is a 1998 American satirical social science fiction film directed by Peter Weir and written by Andrew Niccol. The cast includes Jim Carrey as Truman Burbank, as well as Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Ed Harris and Natascha McElhone. The film chronicles the life of a man who is initially unaware that he is living in a constructed reality television show, broadcast around the clock to billions of people across the globe. Truman becomes suspicious of his perceived reality and embarks on a quest to discover the truth about his life.\nThe genesis of The Truman Show was a spec script by Niccol, inspired by an episode of The Twilight Zone called \"Special Service\". The original draft was more in tone of a science fiction thriller, with the story set in New York City. Scott Rudin purchased the script, and instantly set the project up at Paramount Pictures. Brian De Palma was in contention to direct before Weir took over and managed to make the film for $60 million against the estimated $80 million budget. Niccol rewrote the script simultaneously as the filmmakers were waiting for Carrey's schedule to open up for filming. The majority of filming took place at Seaside, Florida, a master-planned community located in the Florida Panhandle.
/m/01gt99	The Twentieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1827 to March 4, 1829, during the third and fourth years of John Quincy Adams's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fourth Census of the United States in 1820. Both chambers had a Jacksonian majority.
/m/01z4y	Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humour. These films are designed to entertain the audience through amusement, and often work by exaggerating characteristics of real life for humorous effect.\nFilms in this style traditionally have a happy ending. One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. Comedy, unlike other film genres, puts much more focus on individual stars, with many former stand-up comics transitioning to the film industry due to their popularity. While many comic films are lighthearted stories with no intent other than to amuse, others contain political or social commentary.
/m/08720	WarGames is a 1983 American Cold War science-fiction film written by Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes and directed by John Badham. The film stars Matthew Broderick, Dabney Coleman, John Wood, and Ally Sheedy.\nThe film follows David Lightman, a young hacker who unwittingly accesses WOPR, a United States military supercomputer programmed to predict possible outcomes of nuclear war. Lightman gets WOPR to run a nuclear war simulation, originally believing it to be a computer game. The simulation causes a national nuclear missile scare and nearly starts World War III.\nThe film was a box office success, costing US$12 million, and grossing $79,567,667 after five months in the United States and Canada. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards. A sequel, WarGames: The Dead Code, was released direct to DVD on July 29, 2008.
/m/0627sn	Freddie Francis is a film and tv director, cinematographer.
/m/0q9jk	Taxi is an American sitcom that originally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC and from 1982 to 1983 on NBC. The series, which won 18 Emmy Awards, including three for \"Outstanding Comedy Series\", focuses on the everyday lives of a handful of New York City taxi drivers and their abusive dispatcher. The series, produced by the John Charles Walters Company, in association with Paramount Network Television, was created by James L. Brooks, Stan Daniels, David Davis, and Ed. Weinberger.
/m/026fd	David Paul Cronenberg, OC OOnt FRSC is a Canadian filmmaker, screenwriter and actor. He is one of the principal originators of what is commonly known as the body horror or venereal horror genre. This style of filmmaking explores people's fears of bodily transformation and infection. In his films, the psychological is typically intertwined with the physical. In the first half of his career, he explored these themes mostly through horror and science fiction, although his work has since expanded beyond these genres. He has been called \"the most audacious and challenging narrative director in the English-speaking world.\"
/m/0cx6f	Bebop or bop is a style of jazz characterized by fast tempo, instrumental virtuosity, and improvisation based on the combination of harmonic structure and melody. It was developed in the early and mid-1940s. It first surfaced in musicians' argot some time during the first two years of American involvement in the Second World War. This style of jazz ultimately became synonymous with modern jazz, as either category reached a certain final maturity in the 1960s.
/m/0151b0	The triangle is an idiophone type of musical instrument in the percussion family. It is a bar of metal, usually steel but sometimes other metals like beryllium copper, bent into a triangle shape. The instrument is usually held by a loop of some form of thread or wire at the top curve. It was first made around the 16th century.
/m/02v992	The University of Tasmania is a public Australian university based in Tasmania, Australia. Officially founded on 1 January 1889, it was the fourth university to be established in Australia. UTAS is a sandstone university and is a member of the international Association of Commonwealth Universities.\nUTAS offers various undergraduate and graduate programs in a range of disciplines. UTAS has links with 20 specialist research institutes, cooperative research centres and faculty based research centres; many of which are regarded as nationally and internationally competitive leaders. UTAS has a student population of nearly 26,800, including over 6,000 international students and 1000 PhD students.
/m/09j028	Alexander \"Alex\" Manninger is an Austrian professional football goalkeeper for FC Augsburg. He played internationally for Austria on 33 occasions, including at Euro 2008, and has represented top division sides in Italy, Germany, Austria and England.
/m/0830vk	The Holiday is a 2006 American Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written, produced and directed by Nancy Meyers. Distributed by Columbia Pictures and Universal Studios and filmed in both California and England, it stars Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet as two lovelorn women from opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean, who temporarily exchange homes to escape heartbreak during the holiday season. Jude Law and Jack Black co-star, with Eli Wallach, Shannyn Sossamon, Edward Burns and Rufus Sewell playing key supporting roles.\nThe Holiday was first released on December 6, 2006, in Spain and on December 8, 2006, in North America and the United Kingdom. It grossed over $205 million worldwide. Reviews were positive towards the film's visual aesthetic design and the acting, most notably Winslet's performance as society column editor Iris. However, the plot drew a mixed response from critics, who criticized plot elements that lacked any surprises or were predictable. Diaz garnered an ALMA Award nomination for her performance, while Winslet was nominated for an Irish Film and Television Award the following year. The film itself won the 2007 Teen Choice Award in the Chick Flick category.
/m/0jqn5	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is a 1982 American science fiction film coproduced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Melissa Mathison, starring Henry Thomas, Dee Wallace, Robert MacNaughton, Drew Barrymore, and Peter Coyote. It tells the story of Elliott, a lonely boy who befriends an extraterrestrial, dubbed \"E.T.\", who is stranded on Earth. Elliott and his siblings help it return home while attempting to keep it hidden from their mother and the government.\nThe concept for the film was based on an imaginary friend Spielberg created after his parents' divorce in 1960. In 1980, Spielberg met Mathison and developed a new story from the stalled science fiction/horror film project Night Skies. It was shot from September to December 1981 in California on a budget of US$10.5 million. Unlike most motion pictures, it was shot in roughly chronological order, to facilitate convincing emotional performances from the young cast.\nReleased by Universal Pictures, the film was a blockbuster, surpassing Star Wars to become the highest-grossing film of all time — a record it held for ten years until Jurassic Park, another Spielberg-directed film, surpassed it in 1993. Critics acclaimed it as a timeless story of friendship, and it ranks as the greatest science fiction film ever made in a Rotten Tomatoes survey. The film was re-released in 1985, and then again in 2002 to celebrate its 20th anniversary, with altered shots and additional scenes.
/m/0gdqy	Jean-Luc Godard is a French film director, screenwriter and film critic. He is often identified with the 1960s French film movement La Nouvelle Vague, or \"New Wave\".\nLike his New Wave contemporaries, Godard criticized mainstream French cinema's \"Tradition of Quality\", which \"emphasized craft over innovation, privileged established directors over new directors, and preferred the great works of the past to experimentation.\" To challenge this tradition, he and like-minded critics started to make their own films. Many of Godard's films challenge the conventions of traditional Hollywood in addition to French cinema. He is often considered the most radical French filmmaker of the 1960s and 1970s. Several of his films express his political views. His films express his knowledge of film history through their references to earlier films. In addition, Godard's films often cite existentialism, as he was an avid reader of existential and Marxist philosophy. His radical approach in film conventions, politics and philosophies made him an influential filmmaker of the French New Wave.\nSince the New Wave, his politics have been much less radical and his recent films are about representation and human conflict from a humanist, and a Marxist perspective.
/m/02cx90	Alison Maria Krauss is an American bluegrass-country singer-songwriter and musician. She entered the music industry at an early age, winning local contests by the age of ten and recording for the first time at fourteen. She signed with Rounder Records in 1985 and released her first solo album in 1987. She was invited to join the band with which she still performs, Alison Krauss and Union Station, and later released her first album with them as a group in 1989.\nShe has released fourteen albums, appeared on numerous soundtracks, and helped renew interest in bluegrass music in the United States. Her soundtrack performances have led to further popularity, including the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack, an album also credited with raising American interest in bluegrass, and the Cold Mountain soundtrack, which led to her performance at the 2004 Academy Awards.\nAs of 2012, she has won 27 Grammy Awards from 41 nominations, making her tied as the most awarded living recipient, four behind classical conductor Sir Georg Solti. She is the most awarded singer and the most awarded female artist in Grammy history. At the time of her first, the 1991 Grammy Awards, she was the second youngest winner.
/m/017jv5	United Artists Corporation is an American film studio. The original studio using of that name was founded in 1919 by D. W. Griffith, Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford, and Douglas Fairbanks, with the intention of controlling their own interests rather than depending upon the powerful commercial studios.\nThe current United Artists formed in November 2006 under a partnership between producer/actor Tom Cruise and his production partner, Paula Wagner, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Paula Wagner left the studio on August 14, 2008. Cruise owned a small stake in the studio until late 2011. It is now a fully owned subsidiary of MGM, which itself is owned by MGM Holdings.
/m/01jdpf	An interview is a conversation between two or more people where questions are asked by the interviewer to elicit facts or statements from the interviewee. Interviews are a standard part of journalism and media reporting, but are also employed in many other situations, including qualitative research.
/m/02_1q9	Another World is an American television soap opera that ran on NBC for 35 years from May 4, 1964 to June 25, 1999. It was created by Irna Phillips along with William J. Bell, and was produced by Procter & Gamble Productions at NBC Studios, 1268 East 14th Street in Brooklyn.\nSet in the fictional town of Bay City, the show in its early years opens with announcer Bill Wolff intoning its epigram, “We do not live in this world alone, but in a thousand other worlds,” which Phillips said represented the difference between “the world of events we live in, and the world of feelings and dreams that we strive for.” Another World focused less on the conventional drama of domestic life as seen in other soap operas, and more on exotic melodrama between families of different classes and philosophies.\nIn 1964, Another World was the first soap opera to talk about abortion when such subjects were taboo. It was the first soap opera to do a crossover, with the character of Mike Bauer from Guiding Light, which was also created by Irna Phillips, coming from Springfield to Bay City. It was also the first to expand to one hour, then to ninety minutes, and then back to an hour. It was the first soap to launch two spin-offs, Somerset and Texas, as well as an indirect one, Lovers and Friends, which would be renamed For Richer, For Poorer. Another World was also the first soap opera with a theme song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, \" Another World\" by Crystal Gayle and Gary Morris, in 1987. In 1999, it was announced that NBC had cancelled Another World. Shortly after its conclusion, it was replaced by another soap opera, Passions.
/m/0kb57	The Pride of the Yankees is a 1942 American film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gary Cooper, Teresa Wright, and Walter Brennan. It is a tribute to the legendary New York Yankees first baseman Lou Gehrig, who died only one year before its release, at age 37, from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, which later became known to the lay public as \"Lou Gehrig's disease\".\nThough subtitled \"The Life of Lou Gehrig\", the film is less a sports biography than an homage to a heroic and widely loved sports figure whose tragic and premature death touched the entire nation. It emphasizes Gehrig's relationship with his parents, his friendships with players and journalists, and his storybook romance with the woman who became his \"companion for life,\" Eleanor. Details of his baseball career—which were still fresh in most fans' minds in 1942—are limited to montages of ballparks, pennants, and Cooper swinging bats and running bases, though Gehrig's best-known major league record—2,130 consecutive games played—is prominently cited.\nYankee teammates Babe Ruth, Bob Meusel, Mark Koenig, and Bill Dickey play themselves, as does sportscaster Bill Stern. The film was adapted by Herman J. Mankiewicz, Jo Swerling, and an uncredited Casey Robinson from a story by Paul Gallico, and received 11 Academy Award nominations. Its climax is a re-enactment of Gehrig's poignant 1939 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium. The film's iconic closing line—\"Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth\"—was voted 38th on the American Film Institute's list of 100 greatest movie quotes.
/m/03t22m	The soprano saxophone is a higher-register variety of the saxophone, a woodwind instrument, invented in the 1840s. The soprano is the third smallest member of the saxophone family, which consists of the soprillo, sopranino, soprano, alto, tenor, baritone, bass, contrabass, and sub-contrabass.
/m/03fwln	Priyanka Chopra is an Indian film actress and singer, and the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000. Through her successful film career, Chopra has become one of Bollywood's highest-paid actresses and one of the most popular celebrities in India. She has received numerous awards and nominations, including a National Film Award for Best Actress and Filmfare Awards in four categories.\nChopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians in the Indian Army, causing the family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home. As a teenager she lived for some years with an aunt in the United States. In 2000, her mother entered her into the Femina Miss India contest, in which she finished second and took the Miss India World title. She was then entered into the Miss World pageant, where she was crowned Miss World 2000 and Miss World Continental Queen of Beauty—Asia & Oceania, becoming the fifth Indian to win the competition.\nAlthough Chopra at one time aspired to study engineering or psychiatry, she accepted offers to join the Indian film industry, which came as a result of her pageant wins, making her acting debut in the Tamil film Thamizhan in 2002. The following year, she starred in The Hero, her first Hindi film release, and followed it with the box-office hit Andaaz, which won her the Filmfare Best Female Debut Award and a nomination for the Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award. She subsequently earned wide critical recognition for the role of a seductress in the 2004 thriller Aitraaz, winning her the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role. By 2006, Chopra had established herself as a leading actress of Hindi cinema with starring roles in the highly successful films Krrish and Don. After receiving mixed reviews for a series of unsuccessful films, she received critical acclaim for her portrayal of unconventional characters, including a troubled model in the 2008 drama Fashion, a feisty Marathi woman in the 2009 caper thriller Kaminey, a serial killer in the 2011 neo-noir 7 Khoon Maaf, and an autistic woman in the 2012 romantic comedy Barfi! She achieved further commercial success by starring in films such as the action thriller Don 2, the revenge drama Agneepath, Barfi! and the superhero science fiction film Krrish 3 all of which rank among the highest grossing Indian films of all time.
/m/01mszz	An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn is a 1998 comedy film. The film was critically panned, winning five awards at the 1998 Golden Raspberry Awards. The film had an estimated budget of $10 million and grossed at least $52,850, as it was only released in 19 theaters.\nThe film's creation set off a chain of events which would lead the Directors Guild of America to officially discontinue the Alan Smithee credit in 2000. Its plot eventually described the film's own production; director Arthur Hiller requested that his name be removed after witnessing the final cut of the film by the studio.
/m/0d1pc	A model, is a person who is employed to promote, display, or advertise commercial products or to serve as a visual object for people who are creating works of art.\nModelling is considered to be different from other types of public performance, such as an acting, dancing or being a mime artist. The boundary between modelling and performing is, however, not well defined, although such activities as appearing in a movie or a play are almost never labelled as modelling.\nTypes of modelling include fashion, glamour, fitness, bikini, fine art, body-part and commercial print models. Models are featured in a variety of media formats including books, magazines, movies, newspapers, and TV. Fashion models are sometimes featured in movies, reality television shows, or music videos.
/m/017gxw	Penelope Alice Wilton, OBE is an English actress of stage, film, and TV. She starred opposite Richard Briers in the BBC situation comedy Ever Decreasing Circles. She has also appeared in Doctor Who and the period drama Downton Abbey. She has twice won the Critics' Circle Theatre Award. Wilton has been married to two distinguished actors, Daniel Massey and Ian Holm. Until her success as Downton Abbey's Isobel Crawley, she was best known to American audiences for her portrayal of South African anti-apartheid activist Wendy Woods in the 1987 film Cry Freedom.
/m/02vyh	First National was an association of independent theater owners in the United States that expanded from exhibiting movies to distributing them and eventually to producing them as a movie studio called First National Pictures, Inc.. In 1928, it merged with Warner Bros.
/m/034xyf	Thoroughly Modern Millie is a 1967 American musical film directed by George Roy Hill and starring Julie Andrews. The screenplay by Richard Morris focuses on a naive young woman who finds herself in the midst of a series of madcap adventures when she sets her sights on marrying her wealthy boss.\nThe soundtrack interpolates new tunes by Jimmy Van Heusen and Sammy Cahn with standard songs from the 1910s and 1920s, including \"Baby Face\" and \"Jazz Baby.\" For use of the latter, the producers had to acquire the rights from General Mills, which had used the melody with various lyrics to promote Wheaties for more than forty years.\nThe film was nominated for seven Academy Awards and five Golden Globes. It was also the tenth highest grossing film of 1967. In 2000 it was adapted for a successful stage musical of the same name. A DVD was issued in 2003.
/m/02pkpfs	Allen Leech, and known in his early career by his birth name Alan Leech, is an Irish stage, television and film actor. A native of Killiney, Leech made his professional acting debut with a small part in a 1998 production of A Streetcar Named Desire. He made his first major film appearance in as Vincent Cusack in Cowboys & Angels and earned an Irish Film & Television Awards nomination in 2004 with his performance as Mo Chara in Man About Dog. Leech came to international attention as Marcus Agrippa on the HBO historical drama Rome and is best known for his role as Tom Branson on the internationally successful costume drama Downton Abbey.
/m/05gm16l	The University of Saskatchewan is a Canadian public research university, founded in 1907, and located on the east side of the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. An \"Act to establish and incorporate a University for the Province of Saskatchewan\" was passed by the provincial legislature in 1907. It established the provincial university on April 3, 1907 \"for the purpose of providing facilities for higher education in all its branches and enabling all persons without regard to race, creed or religion to take the fullest advantage\". The University of Saskatchewan is now the largest education institution in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.\nThe university began as an agricultural college in 1907 and established the first Canadian university-based department of extension in 1910. 300 acres were set aside for university buildings and 1,000 acres for the U of S farm, and agricultural fields. In total 10.32 km² was annexed for the university. Currently, the main University campus is situated upon 2,425 acres, with another 500 acres allocated for Innovation Place Research Park. The University of Saskatchewan agriculture college still has access to neighbouring urban research lands. The University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization facility, develops DNA-enhanced immunization vaccines for both humans and animals. Since its origins as an agricultural college, research has played an important role at the university. Discoveries made at the U of S include sulphate-resistant cement and the cobalt-60 cancer therapy unit. The university currently offers over 200 academic programs. Duncan P. McColl was appointed as the first registrar, establishing the first convocation from which Chief Justice Edward L. Wetmore was elected as the first chancellor. Walter Charles Murray became the first president of the university's board of governors.
/m/01wmgrf	Faith Hill is an American country pop singer and occasional actress. She is married to country singer Tim McGraw, with whom she has recorded several successful duets. Hill has sold more than 40 million records worldwide.\nHill's first two albums, Take Me as I Am and It Matters to Me, established her as a popular country singer. The pair placed a combined three No. 1's on Billboard's country charts and each received multi-platinum certifications in the U.S. But the release of her next two albums, Faith and Breathe, brought Hill mainstream, crossover and international success, by achieving high positions and huge sales globally. Faith spawned her first international hit, \"This Kiss\", and went multi-platinum in various countries. Breathe became her best-selling album to date and one of the best-selling country albums of all time, by being buoyed by the huge crossover success of her best known single, \"Breathe\". It went multi-platinum in several countries around the world and earned Hill three Grammy Awards, including Best Country Album. In 2001, she recorded \"There You'll Be\" for the Pearl Harbor soundtrack and the song became an international success and her best-selling single in Europe. Hill's next two albums, Cry and Fireflies, kept her mainstream popularity. The former went multi-platinum and spawned another crossover single, \"Cry\", which won Hill a Grammy Award. The latter went multi-platinum as well, bolstered by the success of the singles \"Mississippi Girl\" and \"Like We Never Loved at All\", which earned her another Grammy Award.
/m/04q_g	Lazio is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy, situated in the central peninsular section of the country. With about 5.7 million residents and a GDP of more than 170 billion euros, Lazio is the third most populated region of Italy, and has the second largest economy of the nation. Its capital is Rome, capital and largest city of Italy.
/m/06929s	Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room is a 2005 documentary film based on the best-selling 2003 book of the same name by Fortune reporters Bethany McLean and Peter Elkind, a study of one of the largest business scandals in American history. McLean and Elkind are credited as writers of the film alongside the director, Alex Gibney.\nThe film examines the 2001 collapse of the Enron Corporation, which resulted in criminal trials for several of the company's top executives; it also shows the involvement of the Enron traders in the California electricity crisis. The film features interviews with McLean and Elkind, as well as former Enron executives and employees, stock analysts, reporters and the former Governor of California Gray Davis.\nThe film won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature and was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006.
/m/07ncs0	Peter Facinelli is an American actor and producer. He became known as the star of Fox's 2002 television series Fastlane. He plays Dr. Carlisle Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight series. He is also well known for his role as Mike Dexter in the film Can't Hardly Wait. He is currently a regular on the television series Nurse Jackie portraying the role of Dr. Fitch \"Coop\" Cooper.
/m/0c3z0	Cast Away is a 2000 American adventure drama film directed and produced by Robert Zemeckis and starring Tom Hanks as a FedEx employee stranded on an uninhabited island after his plane crashes in the South Pacific. The film depicts his attempts to survive on the island using remnants of his plane's cargo. The film was a critical and commercial success, and Hanks was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 73rd Academy Awards for his performance.
/m/04gb7	Law is a term which does not have a universally accepted definition, but one definition is that law is a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behaviour. Laws can be made by legislatures through legislation, the executive through decrees and regulations, or judges through binding precedents. Private individuals can create legally binding contracts, including arbitration agreements that exclude the normal court process. The formation of laws themselves may be influenced by a constitution and the rights encoded therein. The law shapes politics, economics, and society in various ways and serves as a social mediator of relations between people.\nA general distinction can be made between civil law jurisdictions, in which the legislature or other central body codifies and consolidates their laws, and common law systems, where judge-made binding precedents are accepted. Historically, religious laws played a significant role even in settling of secular matters, which is still the case in some countries, particularly Islamic, and some religious communities, particularly Jewish Halakha. Sharia law is the world's most widely used religious law.
/m/0dxtw	The illusions or tricks of the eye used in the film, television, theatre, video game, and simulator industries to simulate the imagined events in a story or virtual world are traditionally called special effects.\nSpecial effects are traditionally divided into the categories of optical effects and mechanical effects. With the emergence of digital film-making tools a greater distinction between special effects and visual effects has been recognized, with \"visual effects\" referring to digital post-production and \"special effects\" referring to on-set mechanical effects and in-camera optical effects.\nOptical effects, are techniques in which images or film frames are created photographically, either \"in-camera\" using multiple exposure, mattes, or the Schüfftan process, or in post-production processes using an optical printer. An optical effect might be used to place actors or sets against a different background.\nMechanical effects are usually accomplished during the live-action shooting. This includes the use of mechanized props, scenery, scale models, animatronics, pyrotechnics and atmospheric effects: creating physical wind, rain, fog, snow, clouds, etc. Making a car appear to drive by itself and blowing up a building are examples of mechanical effects. Mechanical effects are often incorporated into set design and makeup. For example, a set may be built with break-away doors or walls to enhance a fight scene, or prosthetic makeup can be used to make an actor look like a non-human creature.
/m/0dq6p	The Video Home System is a consumer-level analog recording videotape-based cassette standard developed by Victor Company of Japan.\nThe 1970s was a period when video recording became a major contributor to the television industry. Like many other technological innovations, each of several companies made an attempt to produce a television recording standard that the majority of the world would embrace. At the peak of it all, the home video industry was caught up in a series of videotape format wars. Two of the formats, VHS and Betamax, received the most media exposure. VHS would eventually win the war, and therefore succeed as the dominant home video format, lasting throughout the tape format period.\nIn later years, optical disc formats began to offer better quality than video tape. The earliest of these formats, Laserdisc, was not widely adopted, but the subsequent DVD format eventually did achieve mass acceptance and replaced VHS as the preferred method of distribution after 2000.
/m/09gmmt6	Let Me In is a 2010 British-American romantic horror film written and directed by Matt Reeves and starring Kodi Smit-McPhee and Chloë Grace Moretz. It is a remake of the 2008 Swedish film Let the Right One In, directed by Tomas Alfredson, and the novel of the same name by John Ajvide Lindqvist. It tells the story of a bullied 12-year-old boy who develops a friendship with a vampire child in Los Alamos, New Mexico in the early 1980s.\nInterest in producing an English version of Let the Right One In began in 2007 shortly before it was released to audiences. In 2008, Hammer Films acquired the rights for the English adaptation and initially offered Tomas Alfredson, the director of the Swedish film, the opportunity to direct, which he declined. Matt Reeves was then signed to direct and write the screenplay. Reeves made several changes for the English version such as altering the setting from Stockholm to New Mexico and renaming the lead characters. The film's producers stated that their intent was to keep the plot similar to the original, yet make it more accessible to a wider audience. Principal photography began in early November 2009, and concluded in January 2010. The film's budget was estimated to be $20 million.
/m/025hwq	Revolution Studios was an American production/distribution company founded in 2000 by Joe Roth, a former chairman of Walt Disney Studios and 20th Century Fox. Revolution was formerly a strategic partner of Sony Pictures Entertainment, which distributed and marketed Revolution's films. The company's film division shut down in October 2007, coinciding with the end of the six-year deal with Sony. Revolution Studios' first film was Tomcats and the last film was The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep.\nRevolution currently produces a sitcom based on its film Are We There Yet? for TBS and a sitcom adaptation of Anger Management for FX.\nRevolution is a privately held company, with Roth owning the controlling interest. Other shareholders included Hollywood executives Todd Garner, Rob Moore, Tom Sherak and Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas, as well as Sony Pictures, Starz Entertainment, and 20th Century Fox.
/m/06w7v	Slide guitar is a particular method or technique for playing the guitar. The term slide refers to the motion of the slide along the strings. Instead of altering the pitch of the strings in the normal manner, an object called a \"slide\" is placed upon the string to vary its vibrating length, and pitch. This slide can then be moved along the string without lifting, creating smooth transitions in pitch and allowing wide, expressive vibrato.\nSlide guitar is most often played:\nWith the guitar in the normal position, using a slide on one of the fingers of the left hand.\nWith the guitar held horizontally, belly-up, using a metal bar called a \"steel\" held with the hand and wrist above the frets, fingers pointing away from the player's body; this is known as \"lap steel guitar\". This same technique is used to play Pedal steel guitar and the \"Dobro\" Resonator guitar used in Bluegrass music.
/m/0cnl09	Leslie David Baker is an American film and television actor. He is known for his portrayal of Stanley Hudson in The Office. He also had several small roles in Scrubs and appeared on That '70s Show as a janitor after a Ted Nugent concert and played an office worker in several of OfficeMax's \"Rubberband Man\" series of advertisements. He holds a B.S. in Psychology from Loyola University Chicago and a M.S. Human Services Administration from Spertus Institute for Jewish Learning and Leadership in Chicago. He taught special education, grades K-8, while working on his masters. He was reluctant to move to Hollywood, as he thought it important to first attain financial security. He once played a police officer and a customer in a stereo store in Malcolm in the Middle and a security guard in Action. His favorite episodes of The Office are \"Did I Stutter\" and \"Basketball\".\nIn November 2011, Baker released his debut single, \"2 Be Simple\", with an accompanying music video. Jen Chaney of The Washington Post wrote that the song is \"destined to be the party anthem at all your yuletide throwdowns,\" while Cameron Mathews of Spinner described the hook as \"infectious\" and the lyrics as \"totally [capturing] the daydreams of a middle-aged man in crisis.\"
/m/0yx1m	Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written, produced and directed by James L. Brooks. The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer, who has daily emotional breakdowns, a brilliant yet prickly reporter and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival. It also stars Robert Prosky, Lois Chiles, Joan Cusack, and Jack Nicholson as the evening news anchor.
/m/0gwgn1k	That's My Boy is a 2012 American comedy film starring Adam Sandler and Andy Samberg. The script was written by David Caspe and directed by Sean Anders.\nThe film is about a man named Donny Berger, an alcoholic slacker who has a son named Han Solo Berger but changed his name to Todd Peterson due to his embarrassment from his father, who owes $43,000 in back taxes to the IRS or he is put to jail for 3 years. Meanwhile, Todd is getting married to Jamie Martin, so he has the weekend to pay the taxes before it's too late.\nThe film was produced by Sandler's production company Happy Madison and shot in the Massachusetts area. It was released on June 15, 2012, and distributed by Columbia Pictures.\nThe film received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics, it is considered as one of worst films ever made and was nominated for eight Golden Raspberry Awards, ultimately winning in the categories of Worst Actor and Worst Screenplay. It was a subject of controversy and criticism due to its comedic portrayal of pedophilia, incest, gerontophilia and statutory rape. It is Sandler's seventh R-rated film for the Motion Picture Association of America. The film is widely regarded as a flop, with its box office gross of $57.7 million worldwide failing to reimburse its budget of $70 million.
/m/01pvkk	A sound editor is a creative professional responsible for selecting and assembling sound recordings in preparation for the final sound mixing or mastering of a television program, motion picture, video game, or any production involving recorded or synthetic sound. Sound editing developed out of the need to fix the incomplete, undramatic, or technically inferior sound recordings of early talkies, and over the decades has become a respected filmmaking craft, with sound editors implementing the aesthetic goals of motion picture sound design.\nThe Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognizes the artistic contribution of exceptional sound editing with the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing.\nThere are primarily 3 divisions of sound that are combined to create a final mix, these being dialogue, effects, and music. In larger markets such as New York and Los Angeles, sound editors often specialize in only one of these areas, thus a show will have separate dialogue, effects, and music editors. In smaller markets, sound editors are expected to know how to handle it all, often crossing over into the mixing realm as well. Editing effects is likened to creating the sonic world from scratch, while dialogue editing is likened to taking the existing sonic world and fixing it. Dialogue editing is more accurately thought of as \"production sound editing\", where the editor takes the original sound recorded on the set, and using a variety of techniques, makes the dialogue more understandable, as well as smoother, so the listener doesn't hear the transitions from shot to shot. Among the challenges that effects editors face are creatively adding together various elements to create believable sounds for everything you see on screen, as well as memorizing their sound effects library.
/m/02z6l5f	David Thompson is a TV director, film director, TV producer, film producer, and screenwriter.
/m/083jv	White is the color of milk and fresh snow. It is the color produced by the reflection, transmission or emission of all wavelengths of visible light, without absorption.\nAs a symbol, white is the opposite of black, and often represents light in contrast with darkness. According to surveys in Europe and the United States, white is the color most often associated with innocence, perfection, the good, honesty, cleanliness, the beginning, the new, neutrality, lightness, and exactitude.
/m/02r_d4	Jeffrey Michael Tambor is an American actor and voice actor, best known for his roles as Hank Kingsley on The Larry Sanders Show, as well as George Bluth Sr. and Oscar Bluth on Arrested Development.
/m/02zq43	Thomas Brodie-Sangster is an English actor and musician, known for his role as Jojen Reed in Game of Thrones and his voice as Ferb in Phineas and Ferb.
/m/0pd57	Airport is a 1970 American drama film starring Burt Lancaster and Dean Martin, directed and written by George Seaton, and based on Arthur Hailey's 1968 novel of the same name. The film, which earned nearly $100,500,000, focuses on an airport manager trying to keep his airport open during a snow storm, while a suicidal bomber plots to blow up a Boeing 707 airliner in flight. The story takes place at fictional Lincoln International Airport located near Chicago, Illinois. The picture was produced by Ross Hunter with a $10 million budget. Ernest Laszlo photographed it in 70 mm Todd-AO.\nThis was the last film scored by Alfred Newman, who died shortly before the movie's release. Airport was also the last film role for Van Heflin.\nThe film was a critical success and surpassed Spartacus as Universal Pictures' biggest moneymaker. The movie won Helen Hayes an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as an elderly stowaway and was nominated for nine more Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Cinematography, and Best Costume Design for renowned Hollywood designer Edith Head.\nAirport originated the 1970s disaster film genre, establishing the convention of \"microcosmic melodrama combined with catastrophe-oriented adventure\".
/m/0b78hw	Avram Noam Chomsky is an American linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, logician, political commentator and activist. Sometimes described as the \"father of modern linguistics\", Chomsky is also a major figure in analytic philosophy. He has spent most of his career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he is currently Professor Emeritus, and has authored over 100 books. He has been described as a prominent cultural figure, and was voted the \"world's top public intellectual\" in a 2005 poll.\nBorn to a middle-class Ashkenazi Jewish family in Philadelphia, Chomsky developed an early interest in anarchism from relatives in New York City. He later undertook studies in linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania, where he obtained his BA, MA, and PhD, while from 1951 to 1955 he was appointed to Harvard University's Society of Fellows. In 1955 he began work at MIT, soon becoming a significant figure in the field of linguistics for his publications and lectures on the subject. He is credited as the creator or co-creator of the Chomsky hierarchy, the universal grammar theory, and the Chomsky–Schützenberger theorem. In 1967 he gained public attention for his vocal opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War, in part through his essay The Responsibility of Intellectuals, and came to be associated with the New Left while being arrested on multiple occasions for his anti-war activism. While expanding his work in linguistics over subsequent decades, he also developed the propaganda model of media criticism with Edward S. Herman. Following his retirement from active teaching, he has continued his vocal public activism, praising the Occupy movement for example.
/m/05lx3	The Ohio River is the largest tributary, by volume, of the Mississippi River in the United States. At the confluence, the Ohio is even bigger than the Mississippi river and, thus, is hydrologically the main stream of the whole river system, including the Allegheny River further upstream. It is approximately 981 miles long and is located in the Eastern United States.\nThe river had great significance in the history of the Native Americans, as numerous civilizations formed along its valley. In the five centuries prior to European conquest, the Mississippian culture built numerous regional chiefdoms and major earthwork mounds in the Ohio Valley, such as Angel Mounds near Evansville, Indiana, as well as in the Mississippi Valley and the Southeast. For thousands of years, Native Americans, like the European explorers and settlers who followed them, used the river as a major transportation and trading route. Its waters connected communities. The Osage, Omaha, Ponca and Kaw lived in the Ohio Valley, but under pressure from the Iroquois to the northeast, migrated west of the Mississippi River to Missouri, Arkansas and Oklahoma in the 1600s.
/m/0d9rp	Utrecht is a province of the European country Netherlands. It is located in the centre of this country and in terms of area the smallest of the twelve provinces.\nUtrecht borders the Eemmeer in the north, the province of Gelderland in the east, the river Rhine in the south, the province of South Holland in the west and the province of North Holland in the northwest.\nMain cities in this province are, apart from its capital which is also called Utrecht, Amersfoort, Houten, Nieuwegein, Veenendaal and Zeist.\nIn the International Organization for Standardization world region code system Utrecht makes up one region with code ISO 3166-2:NL-UT.
/m/07s9rl0	Drama in entertainment media is a genre involved usually with in the depiction of realistic characters and emotional themes. Dramatic themes may include alcoholism, drug addiction, infidelity, moral dilemmas, racial prejudice, religious intolerance, poverty, class divisions, violence against women and corruption put the characters in conflict with themselves, others, society and even natural phenomena. Drama is one of the most broad of genres and includes many subgenres such as as romantic drama, period drama, courtroom drama and crime drama.
/m/01hmnh	Fantasy is a genre of fiction that commonly uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary plot element, theme, or setting. Many works within the genre take place in imaginary worlds where magic and magical creatures are common. Fantasy is generally distinguished from the genres of science fiction and horror by the expectation that it steers clear of scientific and macabre themes, respectively, though there is a great deal of overlap between the three, all of which are subgenres of speculative fiction.\nIn popular culture, the fantasy genre is predominantly of the medievalist form, especially since the worldwide success of The Lord of the Rings and related books by J. R. R. Tolkien. In its broadest sense, however, fantasy comprises works by many writers, artists, filmmakers, and musicians, from ancient myths and legends to many recent works embraced by a wide audience today.\nFantasy is a vibrant area of academic study in a number of disciplines. Work in this area ranges widely, from the structuralist theory of Tzvetan Todorov, which emphasizes the fantastic as a liminal space, to work on the connections between medievalism and popular culture.
/m/03m6_z	Ryan Thomas Gosling is a Canadian actor, director, writer and musician. He began his career as a child star on the Disney Channel's Mickey Mouse Club and went on to appear in other family entertainment programs including Are You Afraid of the Dark?, Goosebumps, Breaker High and Young Hercules. His first starring role was as a Jewish neo-Nazi in The Believer, and he then built a reputation for playing misfits in independent films such as Murder by Numbers, The Slaughter Rule, and The United States of Leland.\nGosling came to the attention of a wider audience in 2004 with a leading role in the romantic drama The Notebook, for which he won four Teen Choice Awards and an MTV Movie Award. His performance as a drug-addicted teacher in Half Nelson was nominated for an Academy Award and his performance as a socially inept loner in Lars and the Real Girl was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. Also in 2007, he starred in the courtroom thriller Fracture. After a three-year acting hiatus, Gosling starred in Blue Valentine, earning him a second Golden Globe nomination. 2011 proved to be a landmark year for the actor as he appeared in three mainstream films – the romantic comedy Crazy, Stupid, Love, the political drama The Ides of March and the thriller Drive – and received two Golden Globe nominations. In 2013, he starred in the period crime feature Gangster Squad, the generational drama The Place Beyond the Pines, and the violent revenge film Only God Forgives.
/m/08y2fn	Bleak House is a fifteen-part BBC television drama serial adaptation of Charles Dickens' novel Bleak House, which was originally published in 1852–53. Produced with an all-star cast, the serial was shown on BBC One from October to December 2005, and drew much critical and popular praise. It has been reported that the total cost of the production was in the region of £8 million.
/m/015h31	An animator is an artist who creates multiple images that give an illusion of movement called animation when displayed in rapid sequence; the images are called frames and key frames. Animators can work in a variety of fields including film, television, and video games. Usually, an animation piece requires the collaboration of several animators. The methods of creating the images or frames for an animation piece depends on the animators' artistic styles and their field.\nOther artists who contribute to animated cartoons, but who are not animators, include layout artists, storyboard artists, and background artists. Moreover, voice actors and musicians, among other talent, may be added as necessary to give the animation additional depth.
/m/05bnq3j	Rory Albanese, a Long Island, New York native, was an executive producer and writer for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, which he joined in 1999 until October 2013. Albanese is also an accomplished stand-up comedian.
/m/0192l	Bagpipes are a class of musical instrument, aerophones, using enclosed reeds fed from a constant reservoir of air in the form of a bag. Though the Scottish Great Highland Bagpipe and Irish uilleann pipes have the greatest international visibility, bagpipes have been played for centuries throughout large parts of Europe, the Caucasus, around the Persian Gulf and in Northern Africa. The term bagpipe is equally correct in the singular or plural, although in the English language, pipers most commonly talk of \"the pipes\", \"a set of pipes\" or \"a stand of pipes\".
/m/0pyww	Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus is an American actress, comedian and producer, known for her television work on Seinfeld, The New Adventures of Old Christine, and her current series Veep.\nLouis-Dreyfus broke into comedy as a performer in The Practical Theatre Company in Chicago, which led her to casting in the famed sketch show Saturday Night Live from 1982 to 1985. Her breakthrough came in 1990 with a nine-season run playing the character of Elaine Benes on Seinfeld, one of the most critically and commercially successful sitcoms of all time. Other notable television roles include Christine Campbell in The New Adventures of Old Christine which had a five-season run on CBS, and her current role as Selina Meyer in Veep, recently renewed for a third season on HBO.\nFilm appearances have included Hannah and Her Sisters, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, Deconstructing Harry and Enough Said. She has also voiced roles in several animated films including A Bug's Life and Planes.\nLouis-Dreyfus has received six Golden Globe nominations, winning one, and 16 Emmy nominations, winning four. She has been credited as one of the most nominated actresses in the history of the Emmy Awards. She has also received six Screen Actors Guild Awards and five American Comedy Awards. Louis-Dreyfus received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010, and was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 2014.
/m/01rh0w	Liv Rundgren Tyler is an American actress and model. She is the daughter of Aerosmith's lead singer, Steven Tyler, and model Bebe Buell. Tyler began a career in modeling at the age of 14 but, after less than a year, she decided to focus on acting. After her film debut Silent Fall, she appeared in supporting roles in Empire Records, Heavy and That Thing You Do!. Tyler later achieved critical recognition in the leading role in Stealing Beauty. She followed this by starring in supporting roles including Inventing the Abbotts and Cookie's Fortune.\nTyler achieved international recognition as a result of her portrayal of Elf maiden Arwen Undómiel in the Lord of the Rings film trilogy. She has appeared in an eclectic range of films, including the 2004 comedy Jersey Girl, the indie film Lonesome Jim, the drama Reign Over Me and big-budget studio films such as Armageddon, The Strangers and The Incredible Hulk.\nShe has served as a United Nations Children's Fund Goodwill Ambassador for the United States in 2003, and as a spokesperson for Givenchy's line of perfume and cosmetics.
/m/0l2q3	Riverside County is one of 58 counties in the U.S. state of California. The name was taken from the city of Riverside, which is the county seat. Roughly rectangle-shaped, Riverside County covers 7,208 square miles in Southern California. Riverside County lies inland of Los Angeles County and is bordered on the west by Orange County; on the east by La Paz County, Arizona; on the southwest by San Diego County; on the southeast by Imperial County; and on the north by San Bernardino County. Together, Riverside and San Bernardino Counties have been dubbed the Inland Empire.\nThe population of Riverside County was 2,189,641 in 2010. It is the fourth-most populous county in California and among the fastest-growing areas of the United States in the past fifty years. There is a high concentration of sprawling house tract communities around Riverside and along the Interstate 10, 15, and 215 freeways.\nGeographically, the county is mostly desert in the central and eastern portions of the county and is a Mediterranean climate in the western portion of the county. Most of Joshua Tree National Park is located in the county.\nThe resort cities of Palm Springs, Palm Desert, Indian Wells, La Quinta, Rancho Mirage, and Desert Hot Springs are all located in the Coachella Valley region of Riverside County. Large numbers of Los Angeles area workers have moved to the county in recent years to take advantage of relatively affordable housing. Alongside neighboring San Bernardino County, it was one of the fastest growing regions in the state prior to the recent changes in the regional economy. In addition, smaller, but significant, numbers of people have been moving into Southwest Riverside County from the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area. The cities of Temecula and Murrieta accounted for 20% of the increase in population of Riverside County between 2000 and 2007.
/m/015w8_	Tiny Toon Adventures is an American animated comedy television series produced by Amblin Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation and was broadcast from September 14, 1990 through May 28, 1995. It follows the adventures of a group of young cartoon characters who attend the Acme Looniversity to become the next generation of characters from the Looney Tunes series.\nConceived in the late 1980s by producer Tom Ruegger, the cartoon was the first animated series produced by the collaboration of Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros. Animation during the animation renaissance of the late 1980s and early 1990s.\nThe pilot episode, \"The Looney Beginning,\" aired as a prime-time special on CBS on September 14, 1990; while the series itself was featured in first-run syndication for the first two seasons. The last season was aired on Fox Kids. The series ended production in 1992 in favor of Animaniacs, however, two specials were produced in 1994. On July 1, 2013, Tiny Toon Adventures began airing on the Hub Network.
/m/09b3v	The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media corporation headquartered in Walt Disney Studios, Burbank, California. It is the largest media conglomerate in the world in terms of revenue. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by Walt and Roy Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and travel. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media. In addition, Disney has created new divisions of the company in order to market more mature content than it typically associates with its flagship family-oriented brands.\nThe company is best known for the products of its film studio, the Walt Disney Studios, and today one of the largest and best-known studios in Hollywood. Disney also owns and operates the ABC broadcast television network; cable television networks such as Disney Channel, ESPN, A+E Networks, and ABC Family; publishing, merchandising, and theatre divisions; and owns and licenses 14 theme parks around the world. It also has a successful music division. The company has been a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average since May 6, 1991. An early and well-known cartoon creation of the company, Mickey Mouse, is a primary symbol of The Walt Disney Company.
/m/0fq9zdv	The British Independent Film Award for Best British Independent Film is an annual award given to the best British independent film. The award was introduced in the 1998 ceremony, and the current award winner is The King's Speech.
/m/0crqcc	Richard Price is an American novelist and screenwriter, known for the books The Wanderers, Clockers and Lush Life.
/m/01g63y	A domestic partnership is a legal or interpersonal relationship between two individuals who live together and share a common domestic life but are neither joined by marriage nor a civil union. In some jurisdictions, such as Australia, New Zealand, the American states of Oregon, Washington, Nevada, and California, a domestic partnership is almost equivalent to marriage, or to other legally recognized unions, while in other jurisdictions such as the American states of Wisconsin and Maine, domestic partnerships may confer lesser relationship rights than other jurisdictions' civil unions and more than de facto cohabitation. The terminology for such unions is still evolving, and the exact level of rights and responsibilities conferred by a domestic partnership varies widely from place to place.\nSome legislatures have voluntarily established domestic partnership relations by statute instead of being ordered to do so by a court. Although some jurisdictions have instituted domestic partnerships as a way to recognize same-sex unions, domestic partnerships may involve either different-sex or same-sex couples.\nIn some legal jurisdictions, domestic partners who live together for an extended period of time but are not legally entitled to common-law marriage may be entitled to legal protection in the form of a domestic partnership. Some domestic partners may enter into domestic partnership agreements in order to agree contractually to issues involving property ownership, support obligations, and similar issues common to marriage. Beyond agreements, registration of relationships in domestic partnership registries allow for the jurisdiction to formally acknowledge such agreements as valid relationships with limited rights, although agreements and registries have often been legalized in separate legislation.
/m/0lk8j	The 1932 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the X Olympiad, was a major world wide multi-athletic event which was celebrated in 1932 in Los Angeles, California, United States. No other cities made a bid to host these Olympics. Held during the worldwide Great Depression, many nations and athletes were unable to pay for the trip to Los Angeles. Fewer than half the participants of the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam returned to compete in 1932. Even U.S. President Herbert Hoover skipped the event.\nThe organizing committee put no record of the finances of the Games in their report, though contemporary newspapers reported that the Games had made a profit of US$1,000,000.
/m/0ck27z	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest ensemble acting achievements in dramatic television.
/m/0n5_t	Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 47,818. Its county seat is Ossipee.\nCarroll County was created in 1840 and organized at Ossipee from towns removed from Strafford County. It was named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, who had died in 1832, the last surviving signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.
/m/0d1mp3	Gary David Goldberg was an American writer and producer for television and film. Goldberg was best known for his work on Family Ties, Spin City, and his semi-autobiographical series Brooklyn Bridge.
/m/07cdz	The Graduate is a 1967 American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols. It is based on the 1963 novel The Graduate by Charles Webb, who wrote it shortly after graduating from Williams College. The screenplay was by Buck Henry, who makes a cameo appearance as a hotel clerk, and Calder Willingham.\nThe film tells the story of Benjamin Braddock, a recent university graduate with no well-defined aim in life, who is seduced by an older woman, Mrs. Robinson, and then proceeds to fall in love with her daughter Elaine.\nIn 1996, The Graduate was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". Initially, the film was placed at #7 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list in 1998. When AFI revised the list in 2007, the film was moved to #17.\nAdjusted for inflation, the film is #21 on the list of highest-grossing films in the United States and Canada.
/m/0n6f8	Reese Witherspoon was born in March 22, 1976 in New Orleans, Louisana. She is an Academy Award Winner actress and a film producer. Her career began at an early age doing television commercials and modeling. Her first big role was in 1990 with the movie The Man in the Moon. After having success doing a couple of movies (Jack the Bear and A Far Off Place) she graduated from an all girls high school and started attending Stanford University, but not long after she dropped out when she realized that acting was what she really wanted. Reese Witherspoons biggest role came in 2001 when she played the character Elle Woods in the 2001 comedy Legally Blonde. The movie was a big success and she played the role again in Legally Blonde 2 in 2003. Currently divorced from Ryan Phillipe with whom she has 2 kids, shes dating actor Jake Gyllenhaal.
/m/01sxdy	The Phantom of the Opera is a 2004 British film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical of the same name, which in turn is based on the French novel Le Fantôme de l'Opéra by Gaston Leroux.\nDirected by Joel Schumacher, the film was also produced and co-written by Lloyd Webber. The Phantom of the Opera stars Gerard Butler in the title role, Emmy Rossum as Christine Daaé, as well as Patrick Wilson as Raoul, Miranda Richardson as Madame Giry and Minnie Driver as Carlotta Giudicelli.\nThe film was announced as early as 1989, but production only started in 2002 due to Lloyd Webber's divorce and Schumacher's busy career. It was entirely shot at Pinewood Studios, with sceneries also being depicted with the help of miniatures and computer graphics. Rossum, Wilson, and Driver had singing experience, but Butler had no experience and had to receive music lessons. The Phantom of the Opera grossed approximately $154 million worldwide, and received mixed reviews, praising the visuals and acting but criticising the writing and directing.
/m/078mgh	Jeremy Davies is an American film and television actor. He is known for portraying the interpreter Cpl. Timothy E. Upham in the film Saving Private Ryan and the physicist Daniel Faraday on the television series Lost. He currently appears in the FX series, Justified, as Dickie Bennett, for which he has been twice nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and won in 2012.
/m/0gd70t	Fotbal Club Unirea Urziceni was a Romanian professional football club from Urziceni. Unirea became national champions in 2009, at the end of their third season in the top-flight.\nThe club was founded in 1954, and spent the majority of its history in the lower tiers of the Romanian league system. In 2007 they reached Liga I for the first time, and received national praise for their results at this level. At the end of their second season in the top division they earned qualification to Europe, and one year later they claimed the domestic title. In 2010, the team's owner withdrew financial support and Urziceni was forced to sell most of its players to pay debts, leading to relegation at the end of the 2010–11 season.\nIn the summer of 2011, owner Dumitru Bucşaru did not file for a licence for the club to play in the Liga II, and decided not to enroll the team in any championship. Unirea Urziceni was subsequently dissolved.
/m/0k2sk	Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a 1988 American fantasy comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis. The film combines live action and animation. The screenplay by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman is based on Gary K. Wolf's novel Who Censored Roger Rabbit?, which depicts a world in which cartoon characters interact directly with human beings.\nWho Framed Roger Rabbit stars Bob Hoskins as private detective Eddie Valiant, who investigates a murder involving the famous cartoon character, Roger Rabbit. The film co-stars Charles Fleischer as the eponymous character's voice; Christopher Lloyd as Judge Doom, the villain; Kathleen Turner as the voice of Jessica Rabbit, Roger's cartoon wife; and Joanna Cassidy as Dolores, the detective's girlfriend.\nWalt Disney Productions purchased the film rights to the story in 1981. Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman wrote two drafts of the script before Disney brought in executive producer Steven Spielberg, with his Amblin Entertainment becoming the production company.\nRobert Zemeckis was brought on to direct the film. Canadian animator Richard Williams was hired to supervise the animation sequences. Production was moved from Los Angeles to Elstree Studios in England to accommodate Williams and his group of animators. While filming, the production budget began to rapidly expand and the shooting schedule ran longer than expected.
/m/01wxyx1	Colin James Farrell is an Irish film actor. He appeared on the BBC's Ballykissangel in 1998, made his film debut in the Tim Roth-directed The War Zone a year later and was discovered by Joel Schumacher for Tigerland. Farrell then starred in Schumacher's Phone Booth and the American thrillers S.W.A.T. and The Recruit, establishing his international box-office appeal. During that time, he also appeared in Steven Spielberg’s Minority Report and as the villain in Daredevil. After starring in the independent films Intermission and A Home at the End of the World he headed Oliver Stone’s biopic Alexander and the Terrence Malick Pocahontas movie, The New World.\nWork in Michael Mann’s Miami Vice, the adaptation of John Fante's Ask the Dust and Woody Allen’s Cassandra's Dream followed, underscoring Farrell's popularity among Hollywood writers and directors; however, it was for his role in fellow Irishman Martin McDonagh’s In Bruges that he received a Golden Globe. More recently, he co-starred in the Fright Night and Total Recall remakes and McDonagh's second feature, Seven Psychopaths. Farrell also starred with Noomi Rapace in the Niels Arden Oplev-directed action film Dead Man Down, and as Travers Goff in Saving Mr. Banks.
/m/01vdm0	An electronic keyboard is an electronic or digital keyboard instrument.
/m/04110lv	The 81st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2008 and took place on February 22, 2009, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Bill Condon and Laurence Mark. Actor Hugh Jackman hosted the show for the first time. Two weeks earlier in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California held on February 7, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jessica Biel.\nSlumdog Millionaire won eight awards, the most of the evening, including Best Picture and Best Director for Danny Boyle. Other winners were The Curious Case of Benjamin Button with three awards, The Dark Knight and Milk with two awards, and Departures, The Duchess, La Maison en Petits Cubes, Man on Wire, The Reader, Smile Pinki, Toyland, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, and WALL-E with one. The telecast garnered nearly 37 million viewers.
/m/0466hh	FC Groningen is a football club from Groningen in the Netherlands and plays its games in the Dutch highest football league, called the Eredivisie.
/m/02hsq3m	This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts, is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media.\n2013 - Gravity - Tim Webber, Chris Lawrence, David Shirk, Neil Corbould, Nikki Penny\nThe Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug - Joe Letteri, Eric Saindon, David Clayton, Eric Reynolds\nIron Man 3 - Bryan Grill, Christopher Townsend, Guy Williams, Dan Sudick\nPacific Rim - Hal Hickel, John Knoll, Lindy De Quattro, Nigel Sumner\nStar Trek Into Darkness - Roger Guyett, Patrick Tubach, Ben Grossmann, Burt Dalton\n2012 - Life of Pi - Bill Westenhofer, Guillaume Rocheron, Erik-Jan de Boer\nThe Dark Knight Rises - Paul Franklin, Chris Corbould, Peter Bebb, Andrew Lockley\nThe Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey - Joe Letteri, Eric Saindon,David Clayton, R. Christopher White\nMarvel Avengers Assemble - nominees TBC\nPrometheus - Richard Stammers, Charley Henley, Trevor Wood, Paul Butterworth\n2011 - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - Tim Burke, John Richardson, Greg Butler, David Vickery\nHugo - Robert Legato, Ben Grossmann, Joss WilliamsThe Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn - Joe LetteriRise of the Planet of the Apes - Joe Letteri, Dan Lemmon, R. Christopher WhiteWar Horse - Ben Morris, Neil Corbould
/m/0f5xn	Samuel Leroy Jackson is an American film and television actor and film producer. After becoming involved with the Civil Rights Movement, he moved on to acting in theater at Morehouse College, and then films. He had several small roles such as in the film Goodfellas before meeting his mentor, Morgan Freeman, and the director Spike Lee. After gaining critical acclaim for his role in Jungle Fever in 1991, he appeared in films such as Patriot Games, Amos & Andrew, True Romance and Jurassic Park. In 1994, he was cast as Jules Winnfield in Pulp Fiction, and his performance received several award nominations and critical acclaim.\nJackson has since appeared in over 100 films, including Die Hard with a Vengeance, The 51st State, Jackie Brown, Unbreakable, The Incredibles, Black Snake Moan, Shaft, Snakes on a Plane, Django Unchained, as well as the Star Wars prequel trilogy and small roles in Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill Vol. 2 and Inglourious Basterds.\nHe played Nick Fury in Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Thor, Captain America: The First Avenger, and Marvel's The Avengers, the first five of a nine-film commitment as the character for the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise. Jackson is set to reprise his role as Fury in the 2014 film, Captain America: The Winter Soldier and the 2015 film, Avengers: Age of Ultron.
/m/07bxqz	Radio Days is a 1987 comedy film directed by Woody Allen. The film looks back on an American family's life during the Golden Age of Radio using both music and memories to tell the story.
/m/05np2	Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde was an Irish writer and poet. After writing in different forms throughout the 1880s, he became one of London's most popular playwrights in the early 1890s. Today he is remembered for his epigrams, his only novel, his plays, and the circumstances of his imprisonment and early death.\nWilde's parents were successful Anglo-Irish Dublin intellectuals. Their son became fluent in French and German early in life. At university, Wilde read Greats; he proved himself to be an outstanding classicist, first at Dublin, then at Oxford. He became known for his involvement in the rising philosophy of aestheticism, led by two of his tutors, Walter Pater and John Ruskin. After university, Wilde moved to London into fashionable cultural and social circles. As a spokesman for aestheticism, he tried his hand at various literary activities: he published a book of poems, lectured in the United States and Canada on the new \"English Renaissance in Art\", and then returned to London where he worked prolifically as a journalist. Known for his biting wit, flamboyant dress and glittering conversation, Wilde became one of the best-known personalities of his day.
/m/0kbf1	The Song of Bernadette is a 1943 drama film which tells the story of Saint Bernadette Soubirous, who from February to July 1858 in Lourdes, France, reported eighteen visions of the Blessed Virgin Mary. It was directed by Henry King.\nThe film was adapted by George Seaton from a novelization of Bernadette's story, written by Franz Werfel. The novel was published in 1941 and was extremely popular, spending more than a year on the New York Times Best Seller list and thirteen weeks heading the list.
/m/05kr_	Ontario is one of the ten provinces of Canada, located in east-central Canada. It is Canada's most populous province by a large margin, accounting for nearly 40% of all Canadians, and is the second largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included. It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.\nOntario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east, and to the south by the U.S. states of Minnesota, Michigan, New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania. All but a small part of Ontario's 2,700 km border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario.
/m/0dzs0	Gettysburg is a borough and the county seat of Adams County, Pennsylvania. The Battle of Gettysburg and President Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address are named for this town. The town hosts visitors to the Gettysburg National Battlefield in the Gettysburg National Military Park. As of the 2010 census, the borough had a population of 7,620 people.
/m/02qvvv	Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, commonly known as Florida A&M University or FAMU, is a public, historically black university in Tallahassee, Florida. Founded in 1887, it is the largest historically black university in the United States by enrollment. It is a member institution of the State University System of Florida, as well as one of the state's land grant universities, and is accredited to award baccalaureate, master's and doctoral degrees by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The university is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/01w9k25	Justin Smith, better known as Just Blaze, is an American hip hop record producer from Paterson, New Jersey. Blaze is also the CEO of Fort Knocks Entertainment. He is most well known for producing Jay-Z songs on the albums The Blueprint, The Blueprint 2, and The Black Album. His production can also be found on Eminem's 2010 album Recovery. Blaze appears in the video for the third single from Recovery entitled \"No Love\", which he also produced.
/m/04t36	The musical film is a film genre in which songs sung by the characters are interwoven into the narrative, sometimes accompanied by dancing. The songs usually advance the plot or develop the film's characters, though in some cases they serve merely as breaks in the storyline, often as elaborate \"production numbers\".\nThe musical film was a natural development of the stage musical after the emergence of sound film technology. Typically, the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery and locations that would be impractical in a theater. Musical films characteristically contain elements reminiscent of theater; performers often treat their song and dance numbers as if there is a live audience watching. In a sense, the viewer becomes the diegetic audience, as the performer looks directly into the camera and performs to it.
/m/02pbp9	Jeffrey Lee \"Jeff\" Probst is an American game show host and an executive producer. He is best known as the Emmy Award winning host of the U.S. version of the reality show Survivor. Additionally, he was the host of The Jeff Probst Show, a syndicated daytime talk show produced by CBS Television Distribution from September 2012 to May 2013 that lasted for one season.
/m/01b85	Bordeaux is a port city on the Garonne River in the Gironde department in southwestern France.\nThe city of Bordeaux, with a population of 239,157 inhabitants in 2010, is the ninth largest city in France; its metropolitan area is the sixth largest in France, with a population of 1,127,776. It is the capital of the Aquitaine region, as well as the prefecture of the Gironde department. Its inhabitants are called \"Bordelais\" or \"Bordelaises\". The term \"Bordelais\" may also refer to the city and its surrounding region.\nThe city's nicknames are \"La perle d'Aquitaine\", and \"La Belle Endormie\" in reference to the old center which had black walls due to pollution. Nowadays, this is not the case. In fact, a part of the city, Le Port de La Lune, was almost completely renovated.\nBordeaux is the world's major wine industry capital. It is home to the world's main wine fair, Vinexpo, while the wine economy in the metro area takes in 14.5 billion euros each year. Bordeaux wine has been produced in the region since the 8th century. The historic part of the city is on the UNESCO World Heritage List as \"an outstanding urban and architectural ensemble\" of the 18th century.
/m/0n3dv	Cass County is a county located in the state of North Dakota, USA. As of the 2010 census, the population was 149,778. Its county seat is Fargo. Cass County is the most populous and fastest growing county in North Dakota, accounting for 22% of the states population. Cass County is part of the Fargo, ND–Moorhead,MN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01vw20h	Shawn Corey Carter, known by his stage name Jay-Z, is an American rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur. He is one of the most financially successful hip-hop artists and entrepreneurs in America. In 2012, Forbes estimated Carter's net worth at nearly $500 million. He is one of the world's best-selling artists of all time having sold more than 75 million records, while receiving 17 Grammy Awards for his musical work, and numerous additional nominations. Consistently ranked as one of the greatest rappers of all time, he was ranked number one by MTV in their list of The Greatest MCs of All-Time in 2006. Three of his albums, Reasonable Doubt, The Blueprint, and The Black Album, are considered landmarks in the genre with all of them featured in Rolling Stone's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.\nAs an entrepreneur and investor, Jay-Z co-owns the 40/40 Club, and is the co-creator of the clothing line Rocawear. He is the former president of Def Jam Recordings, co-founder of Roc-A-Fella Records, and the founder of Roc Nation. He also founded the sports agency Roc Nation Sports and is a certified NBA and MLB sports agent. As an artist, he holds the record for most number one albums by a solo artist on the Billboard 200 with 13. Jay-Z also has had four number ones on the Billboard Hot 100, one as lead artist. On December 11, 2009, Jay-Z was ranked as the tenth-most successful artist of the 2000s by Billboard as well as the fifth top solo male artist and fourth top rapper behind Eminem, Nelly, and 50 Cent. He was also ranked the 88th greatest artist of all time by Rolling Stone.
/m/0294fd	Miranda Otto is an Australian actress. The daughter of actors Barry and Lindsay Otto, and the sister of actress Gracie Otto, Brisbane-born Miranda began her acting career at age 18 in 1986, and has appeared in a variety of independent and major studio films. Otto made her major film debut in Emma's War, in which she played a teenager who moves to Australia's bush country during World War II.\nAfter a decade of critically acclaimed roles in Australian films, Otto gained Hollywood's attention during the 1990s after appearing in supporting roles in the films The Thin Red Line and What Lies Beneath. She become a household name in the early 2000s for playing Éowyn in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.
/m/0p_47	Stephen Glenn \"Steve\" Martin is an American actor, comedian, musician, author, screenwriter and film producer.\nMartin came to public notice as a writer for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour, and later became a frequent guest on The Tonight Show. In the 1970s, Martin performed his offbeat, absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours. In 2004, Comedy Central ranked Martin at sixth place in a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics.\nSince the 1980s, having branched away from stand-up comedy, Martin has become a successful actor, as well as an author, playwright, pianist and banjo player, eventually earning Emmy, Grammy and American Comedy awards, among other honors.\nMartin was awarded an honorary Oscar at the Academy’s 5th Annual Governors Awards in November 2013.
/m/081k8	William Shakespeare was an English poet, playwright and actor, widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world's pre-eminent dramatist. He is often called England's national poet and the \"Bard of Avon\". His extant works, including some collaborations, consist of about 38 plays, 154 sonnets, two long narrative poems, and a few other verses, the authorship of some of which is uncertain. His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright.\nShakespeare was born and brought up in Stratford-upon-Avon. At the age of 18, he married Anne Hathaway, with whom he had three children: Susanna, and twins Hamnet and Judith. Between 1585 and 1592, he began a successful career in London as an actor, writer, and part-owner of a playing company called the Lord Chamberlain's Men, later known as the King's Men. He appears to have retired to Stratford around 1613 at age 49, where he died three years later. Few records of Shakespeare's private life survive, and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance, sexuality, religious beliefs, and whether the works attributed to him were written by others.
/m/01vrz41	Sir Elton Hercules John CBE is an English singer-songwriter, composer, pianist, record producer, and occasional actor. He has worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin as his songwriter partner since 1967; they have collaborated on more than 30 albums to date.\nIn his five-decade career John has sold more than 300 million records, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. He has more than fifty Top 40 hits, including seven consecutive No. 1 US albums, fifty-eight Billboard Top 40 singles, twenty-seven Top 10, four No. 2 and nine No. 1. For 31 consecutive years he has had at least one song in the Billboard Hot 100. He has the most No. 1 hits on US Adult Contemporary Chart. His single \"Candle in the Wind 1997\" sold over 33 million copies worldwide and is \"the best-selling single of all time\". He has received six Grammy Awards, five Brit Awards – winning two awards for Outstanding Contribution to Music and the first Brits Icon in 2013, an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Tony Award, a Disney Legend award, and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2004. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked him Number 49 on its list of 100 influential musicians of the rock and roll era. In 2008, Billboard ranked him the most successful male solo artist on \"The Billboard Hot 100 Top All-Time Artists\".
/m/01wk7ql	Jocelyn Eve Stoker, better known by her stage name Joss Stone, is an English soul singer-songwriter and actress. Stone rose to fame in late 2003 with her multi-platinum debut album, The Soul Sessions, which made the 2004 Mercury Prize shortlist. Her second album, the similarly multi-platinum Mind Body & Soul, topped the UK Albums Chart for one week and spawned the top ten hit \"You Had Me\", Stone's most successful single on the UK Singles Chart to date. Both the album and single received one nomination at the 2005 Grammy Awards, while Stone herself was nominated for Best New Artist, and in an annual BBC poll of music critics, Sound of 2004 was ranked fifth as a predicted breakthrough act of 2004. She became the youngest British female singer whose debut album topped the UK Albums Chart. Stone's third album, Introducing Joss Stone, released in March 2007, achieved gold record status by the RIAA and yielded the second-ever highest debut for a British female solo artist on the Billboard 200, and became Stone's first top five album in the United States and first non-top ten album in the United Kingdom.\nStone released her fourth album, Colour Me Free!, on 20 October 2009, which reached the Top 10 on Billboard. Stone released her fifth album, LP1, on 22 July 2011, which reached the Top 10 on Billboard. Throughout her career, Stone has sold 14 million albums worldwide, establishing herself as one of the best-selling artists of her time, best-selling soul artists of the 2000s and best-selling British artists of her time. Her first three albums have sold over 2,722,000 copies in the United States, while her first two albums have sold over 2,000,000 copies in United Kingdom. She has earned numerous awards and accolades, including two BRIT Awards and one Grammy Award out of five nominations. She also made her film acting debut in 2006 with the fantasy adventure film Eragon, and made her television debut portraying Anne of Cleves in the Showtime series The Tudors in 2009. Stone was the youngest woman on the 2006 Sunday Times Rich List—an annual list of the UK's wealthiest people—with £6 million. In 2012, her fortune is estimated to be £10 million, making her the fifth richest British musician under 30. The Soul Sessions Vol. 2, a sequel to her debut album, was released on 23 July 2012. This is her fourth consecutive album to reach the Top 10 on Billboard 200.
/m/02lv2v	Pace University is a private university in the New York metropolitan area with campuses in New York City and Westchester County, New York.
/m/0b44shh	Beginners is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Mills. It tells the story of Oliver, a man reflecting on the life and death of his father, Hal, while trying to forge a new romantic relationship with a woman, Anna, dealing with father issues of her own.\nBeginners premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, where the Los Angeles Times heralded it as a \"heady, heartfelt film\" with a cast who has \"a strong sense of responsibility to their real-world counterparts\". Plummer received numerous accolades, including the 2011 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, for his performance.
/m/0fv89q	The 28th Academy Awards were presented at the RKO Pantages Theatre in Los Angeles, California. Marty, a simple and low-budget film usually uncharacteristic of Best Picture awardees, became the shortest film to win the top honor.
/m/0dzlbx	Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the first installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the Iron Man film series. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway, the film stars Robert Downey, Jr., Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow. The film sees Tony Stark, an industrialist and master engineer, build a powered exoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero Iron Man.\nThe film had been in development since 1990 at Universal Pictures, 20th Century Fox, and New Line Cinema, before Marvel Studios reacquired the rights in 2006. Marvel put the project in production as its first self-financed film, with Paramount Pictures as its distributor. Favreau signed on as director, aiming for a naturalistic feel, and he chose to shoot the film primarily in California, rejecting the East Coast setting of the comics to differentiate the film from numerous superhero films set in New York City-esque environments. During filming, the actors were free to create their own dialogue because pre-production was focused on the story and action. Rubber and metal versions of the armors, created by Stan Winston's company, were mixed with computer-generated imagery to create the title character. Hasbro and Sega sold merchandise, and product placement deals were made with Audi, Burger King, LG and 7-Eleven.
/m/01rhl	The classical guitar is the member of the guitar family used in classical music. It is an acoustical wooden guitar with six classical guitar strings as opposed to the metal strings used in acoustic and electric guitars designed for popular music.\nIn addition to the instrument, the phrase \"classical guitar\" can refer to two other concepts:\nThe instrumental finger technique common to classical guitar—individual strings plucked with the fingernails or, rarely, fingertips\nThe instrument's classical music repertoire\nThe shape, construction, and material of classical guitars vary, but typically they have a modern classical guitar shape, or historic classical guitar shape resembling early romantic guitars from France and Italy. Classical guitar strings were once made of catgut and nowadays are made of polymers such as nylon, with a fine wire wrap on the bass strings.\nA guitar family tree can be identified. The flamenco guitar derives from the modern classical, but has differences in material, construction and sound.\nThe term modern classical guitar is sometimes used to distinguish the classical guitar from older forms of guitar, which are in their broadest sense also called classical, or more specifically: early guitars. Examples of early guitars include the 6-string early romantic guitar, and the earlier baroque guitars with 5 courses.
/m/044qx	James \"Jimmy\" Maitland Stewart was an American film and stage actor, known for his distinctive drawl voice and down-to-earth persona. Over the course of his career, he starred in many films widely considered classics. He was known for portraying the average American Middle Class man, with everyday life struggles.\nStewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition and receiving one Lifetime Achievement award. Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend in cinema history by the American Film Institute. He was a major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star. He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve.\nThe actor Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique, \"He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.\"
/m/01gb54	DreamWorks Studios also known as DreamWorks, LLC, DreamWorks SKG, DreamWorks Pictures, or simply DreamWorks, is a California film studio which develops, produces, and distributes films, video games and television programming. It has produced or distributed more than ten films with box-office grosses totaling more than $100 million each. Most of DreamWorks' films are marketed and distributed by The Walt Disney Studios under its Touchstone Pictures label.\nDreamWorks began in 1994 as an attempt by media moguls Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen to create a new Hollywood studio of which they owned 72%. In December 2005, the founders agreed to sell the studio to Viacom, parent of Paramount Pictures. The sale was completed in February 2006. In 2008, DreamWorks announced its intention to end its partnership with Paramount and signed a $1.5 billion deal to produce films with India's Reliance ADA Group. Reliance provided $325M of equity to fund recreating DreamWorks studio as an independent entity. Clark Hallren, former Managing Director of the Entertainment Industries group of J.P. Morgan Securities and Alan J. Levine of J.P. Morgan Entertainment Advisors led the Reliance team in structuring the capital and business plan for the company.
/m/05cvgl	The Remains of the Day is a 1993 Merchant Ivory film adapted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala from the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro. It was directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant, Mike Nichols and John Calley. It starred Anthony Hopkins as Stevens and Emma Thompson as Miss Kenton with James Fox, Christopher Reeve, Hugh Grant and Ben Chaplin. The film was nominated for eight Academy Awards.
/m/029jt9	Samson and Delilah is a 1949 American epic religious romance film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, shot in Technicolor, and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Hedy Lamarr as Delilah, Victor Mature as Samson, George Sanders as the Saran, Angela Lansbury as Semadar, and Henry Wilcoxon as Ahtur. The screenplay, written by Jesse L. Lasky, Jr. and Fredric M. Frank, is based on the biblical Book of Judges and adapted from original film treatments by Harold Lamb and Vladimir Jabotinsky.\nSamson and Delilah is one of few pre-1950 sound films to remain under the ownership of Paramount Pictures. It was the highest-grossing film of 1950, and, adjusted for inflation, it is the sixth highest-grossing biblical film. Of its five Academy Award nominations, the film won two for Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design.
/m/03s6l2	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2002 biographical spy film depicting the life of popular game show host and producer Chuck Barris, who claimed to have also been an assassin for the Central Intelligence Agency. The film was directed by George Clooney in his feature film directorial debut. It was written by Charlie Kaufman, and starred Sam Rockwell, Julia Roberts, Drew Barrymore, and Clooney.\nColumbia Pictures had planned to produce a film adaptation of Barris's memoir of the same name in the late 1980s. When the film rights were purchased by producer Andrew Lazar, Charlie Kaufman was commissioned to write a new script, which attracted various A-list actors and filmmakers to the project. Bryan Singer at one point planned to direct the film with Johnny Depp in the lead role, but the production was canceled. The production resumed when Clooney took over directing duties.\nBarris remained heavily involved in production in an attempt to portray the film from his point of view. To accommodate the $30 million budget, Clooney convinced actresses Drew Barrymore and Julia Roberts to lower their asking prices. Confessions of a Dangerous Mind was released with respectful reviews from critics but bombed at the box office. Rockwell, in particular, was praised for his acting and won the Silver Bear for Best Actor at the 2003 Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/06xl8z	Esbjerg forenede Boldklubber also referred to as Esbjerg fB or simply EfB is a professional Danish football club from the port city of Esbjerg in West Jutland. The club was formed in 1924, as a merger between Esbjerg Boldklub af 1898 and Esbjerg Amatørklub af 1911. The club has training facilities and stadium at Gl. Vardevej in Esbjerg, and plays in blue and white striped shirts. Following the departure of long time club player and former head coach Jess Thorup, Niels Frederiksen is the current head coach. Esbjerg fB is one of the more successful clubs in Denmark in terms of trophies. They have won the Danish championship five times and three Danish cup titles.\nThe main sponsor is Syd Energi and the club's kit sponsor is Nike. The official fanclub of Esbjerg fB is Blue Knights.\nIn 2005 EfB took over the management of the elite ice hockey club, Esbjerg Ishockey Klub. Which is now called EfB Ishockey.
/m/0k_mf	Northridge is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California in the San Fernando Valley. It is the home of California State University, Northridge, as well as eleven public and eight private schools.\nOriginally named Zelzah, the community was renamed North Los Angeles in 1929 to emphasize its closeness to the booming city. This created confusion with Los Angeles and North Hollywood. At the suggestion of a civic leader, the community was renamed Northridge in 1938. Northridge can trace its history back to the Gabrielino people and to Spanish explorers. Its territory was later sold by the Mexican governor to Eulogio de Celis, whose heirs divided it for sale.\nThe area has been the home of notable people, and it has notable attractions and points of interest. Residents have access to a municipal recreation center and a public swimming pool.
/m/04sj3	Madagascar, officially the Republic of Madagascar and previously known as the Malagasy Republic, is an island country in the Indian Ocean, off the coast of Southeast Africa. The nation comprises the island of Madagascar, as well as numerous smaller peripheral islands. Following the prehistoric breakup of the supercontinent Gondwana, Madagascar split from India around 88 million years ago, allowing native plants and animals to evolve in relative isolation. Consequently, Madagascar is a biodiversity hotspot; over 90 percent of its wildlife is found nowhere else on Earth. The island's diverse ecosystems and unique wildlife are threatened by the encroachment of the rapidly growing human population.\nInitial human settlement of Madagascar occurred between 350 BC and 550 AD by Austronesian peoples arriving on outrigger canoes from Borneo. These were joined around 1000 CE by Bantu migrants crossing the Mozambique Channel. Other groups continued to settle on Madagascar over time, each one making lasting contributions to Malagasy cultural life. The Malagasy ethnic group is often divided into eighteen or more sub-groups of which the largest are the Merina of the central highlands.
/m/013w8y	Dave Matthews Band is an American rock band that was formed in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1991. The founding members were singer-songwriter and guitarist Dave Matthews, bassist Stefan Lessard, drummer/backing vocalist Carter Beauford and saxophonist LeRoi Moore. Boyd Tinsley was added to the band as a violinist soon after the band was formed. Moore died suddenly in August 2008 due to complications from injuries sustained in an ATV accident. Grammy Award-winner Jeff Coffin of Béla Fleck and the Flecktones has since filled Moore's spot as the band's saxophonist. Rashawn Ross and Tim Reynolds have also become full-time touring members of the band. The band's 2009 album Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, earning the band their fifth consecutive number-one debut. Their most recent album, Away from the World, released in 2012, debuted at number one on the Billboard chart — making them the only group to have six consecutive studio albums debut in the top spot. As of 2010, the Dave Matthews Band has sold over 30 million records worldwide.\nThe band is known for their annual summer-long tours of the United States and Europe, featuring lengthy improvisational renditions of their songs, accompanied by an elaborate video and lighting show. The band is known for playing the songs differently each time. This portion of the tour has become a stamp of DMB and has grown with the band since Fenton Williams began working with them in the early 1990s. After twenty consecutive years of touring the band announced that it would take the summer of 2011 off.
/m/09g7thr	The Times Higher Education World University Rankings are annual world university rankings published by the British magazine Times Higher Education with data supplied by Thomson Reuters that provides citation database information. They include both the overall and the subject rankings. Moreover, the additional World Reputation Rankings which are independent of the main rankings have also been released starting from 2011.\nOriginally, the Times Higher Education began publishing the Times Higher Education–QS World University Rankings in 2004 with Quacquarelli Symonds but they ended their partnership in 2010 and both started to release their own rankings. QS has published its rankings with the old existing methodology as the QS World University Rankings, while Times created and adopted a new one.\nToday, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings are regarded to be one of the three most influential and widely observed international university rankings, along with the QS World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.
/m/0kzy0	Brian Douglas Wilson is an American musician best known as the chief songwriter of the Beach Boys. Besides acting as their co-lead vocalist, he also functioned as the band's main producer and arranger. After signing with Capitol Records in mid-1962, Wilson wrote or co-wrote more than two dozen Top 40 hits for the Beach Boys.\nIn the mid-1960s, Wilson composed and produced Pet Sounds, considered one of the greatest albums of all time. The intended follow-up to Pet Sounds, Smile, was cancelled for various reasons, which included Wilson's deteriorating mental health. As he suffered through multiple nervous breakdowns, Wilson's contributions to the Beach Boys diminished and his erratic behavior led to tensions with the band. After years of treatment and recuperation, he began a solo career in 1988 with Brian Wilson, the same year that he and the Beach Boys were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Since then, he has toured for the first time in decades with a new band and released acclaimed albums, including Brian Wilson Presents Smile, for which Wilson won his first Grammy Award for \"Mrs. O'Leary's Cow\" as Best Rock Instrumental. On December 16, 2011, a 50th anniversary Beach Boys reunion tour was announced and Wilson briefly returned to the group. He remains a member of the Beach Boys corporation, Brother Records Incorporated.
/m/056878	The 47th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 13, 2005 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. They were hosted by Queen Latifah, and televised in the United States by CBS. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Ray Charles, whom the event was dedicated in memory of, posthumously won five Grammy Awards while his album, Genius Loves Company, won a total of eight. Kanye West received the most nominations, with ten.
/m/0n1rj	Tampa is a city in the U.S. state of Florida. It serves as the county seat for Hillsborough County and is located on the west coast of Florida, on Tampa Bay near the Gulf of Mexico. The population of Tampa in 2011 was 346,037.\nThe current location of Tampa was once inhabited by indigenous peoples of the Safety Harbor culture, most notably the Tocobaga and the Pohoy, who lived along the shores of Tampa Bay. It was briefly explored by Spanish explorers in the early 16th century, but there were no permanent American or European settlements within today's city limits until after the United States had acquired Florida from Spain in 1819.\nIn 1824, the United States Army established a frontier outpost called Fort Brooke at the mouth of the Hillsborough River, near the site of today's Tampa Convention Center. The first civilian residents were pioneers who settled near the fort for protection from the nearby Seminole population. The town grew slowly until the 1880s, when railroad links, the discovery of phosphate, and the arrival of the cigar industry jump-started its development and helped it to grow into an important city by the early 1900s.\nToday, Tampa is a part of the metropolitan area most commonly referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. For U.S. Census purposes, Tampa is part of the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. The four-county area is composed of roughly 2.9 million residents, making it the second largest metropolitan statistical area in the state, and the fourth largest in the Southeastern United States, behind Miami, Washington, D.C. and Atlanta. The Greater Tampa Bay area has over 4 million residents and generally includes the Tampa and Sarasota metro areas. The Tampa Bay Partnership and U.S. Census data showed an average annual growth of 2.47 percent, or a gain of approximately 97,000 residents per year. Between 2000 and 2006, the Greater Tampa Bay Market experienced a combined growth rate of 14.8 percent, growing from 3.4 million to 3.9 million and hitting the 4 million people mark on April 1, 2007. A 2012 estimate shows the Tampa Bay area population to have 4,310,524 people and a 2017 projection of 4,536,854 people.
/m/02qjv	An electronic musical instrument is a musical instrument that produces its sounds using electronics. Such an instrument sounds by outputting an electrical audio signal that ultimately drives a loudspeaker.\nAn electronic instrument may include a user interface for controlling its sound, often by adjusting the pitch, frequency, or duration of each note. However, it is increasingly common to separate user interface and sound-generating functions into a music controller and a music synthesizer, respectively, with the two devices communicating through a musical performance description language such as MIDI or Open Sound Control.\nAll electronic musical instruments can be viewed as a subset of audio signal processing applications. Simple electronic musical instruments are sometimes called sound effects; the border between sound effects and actual musical instruments is often hazy.\nFrench composer and engineer Edgard Varèse created a variety of compositions using electronic horns, whistles, and tape. Most notably, he wrote Poème Électronique for the Phillips pavilion at the Brussels World Fair in 1958.\nElectronic musical instruments are now widely used in most styles of music. Development of new electronic musical instruments, controllers, and synthesizers continues to be a highly active and interdisciplinary field of research. Specialized conferences, notably the International Conference on New interfaces for musical expression, have organized to report cutting edge work, as well as to provide a showcase for artists who perform or create music with new electronic music instruments, controllers, and synthesizers.
/m/0dr89x	The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller. It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions, and distributed by Warner Bros. Entertainment. The film was produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with Kathleen Kennedy as co-producer and the screenplay was adapted by Richard LaGravenese. The film stars Eastwood and Meryl Streep. Streep received an Academy Award for Best Actress nomination in 1996 for her performance in the film.
/m/02465	Clive Barker is an English author, film director, video game designer and visual artist best known for his work in both fantasy and horror fiction. Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories which established him as a leading young horror writer. He has since written many novels and other works, and his fiction has been adapted into motion pictures, notably the Hellraiser and Candyman series.
/m/0gpprt	Thomas Joseph McCarthy is an American actor, writer, and film director who has appeared in several movies, including Meet the Parents and Good Night, and Good Luck, and television shows such as The Wire, Boston Public, Law & Order, and the Hallmark Hall of Fame presentation of Saint Maybe. McCarthy has received critical acclaim for his writing/direction work for the independent films The Station Agent, The Visitor, and Win Win.
/m/0cwfgz	Lock Up is a 1989 American prison film directed by John Flynn, starring Sylvester Stallone and Donald Sutherland. The film was released in the United States on August 4, 1989.
/m/013yq	Atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia, with an estimated 2011 population of 432,427. Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area, home to 5,457,831 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County.\nAtlanta was established in 1837 at the intersection of two railroad lines, and the city rose from the ashes of the Civil War to become a national center of commerce. In the decades following the Civil Rights Movement, during which the city earned a reputation as \"too busy to hate\" for the progressive views of its citizens and leaders, Atlanta attained international prominence. Atlanta is the primary transportation hub of the Southeastern United States, via highway, railroad, and air, with Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world's busiest airport since 1998.\nAtlanta is considered an \"alpha world city,\" and with a gross domestic product of US$270 billion, Atlanta's economy ranks 15th among world cities and sixth in the nation. Although Atlanta’s economy is considered diverse, dominant sectors include logistics, professional and business services, media operations, and information technology. Topographically, Atlanta is marked by rolling hills and dense tree coverage. Revitalization of Atlanta's neighborhoods, initially spurred by the 1996 Olympics, has intensified in the 21st century, altering the city's demographics, politics, and culture.
/m/0dkb83	FC Kuban is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar. In 2011 the team began playing in the Russian Premier League after having won the Russian First Division in 2010.\nFC Kuban is one of the oldest football clubs in Russia, leading its history since the founding team Dynamo in Krasnodar NKVD, then repeatedly changing institutional affiliation because of political expediency in the USSR.\nAll members of the club and the fans are called kubantsy, or yellow-green.\nAlso among a large part of the fans the club's popular name is Cossacks. In addition, there are several informal names associated with the club's colours: The Canaries, and The Toads.
/m/01f3p_	Charmed is an American television series created by writer Constance M. Burge and produced by Aaron Spelling and his production company Spelling Television, with writer-director Brad Kern serving as showrunner. The series was originally broadcast by The WB Television Network for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006.\nThe series narrative follows three sisters, known as the Charmed Ones, the most powerful good witches of all time, whose prophesied destiny is to protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks. Each sister possesses unique magical powers that grow and evolve, while they attempt to maintain normal lives in modern day San Francisco. Keeping their supernatural identities separate and secret from their ordinary lives often becomes a challenge for them, with the exposure of magic having far-reaching consequences on their various relationships and resulting in a number of police and FBI investigations throughout the series. The first three seasons of Charmed focus on the three Halliwell sisters, Prue, Piper and Phoebe. Following the death of Prue in the third season finale, their long-lost half sister, Paige Matthews, assumes her place within \"The Power of Three\" from season four onwards.
/m/01wy5m	Christian Charles Philip Bale is an English actor. He has starred in both blockbuster films and smaller projects from independent producers and art houses.\nBale first caught the public eye at the age of 13, when he was cast in the starring role of Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun. Based on the original story by J. G. Ballard, Bale played an English boy who is separated from his parents and subsequently finds himself lost in a Japanese internment camp during World War II. In 2000, he garnered critical acclaim for his portrayal of serial killer Patrick Bateman in American Psycho. He earned a reputation as a method actor after he lost 63 pounds to play the role of Trevor Reznik in The Machinist.\nBale went on to receive greater commercial recognition and acclaim for his performance as Bruce Wayne / Batman in Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. He also portrayed Dicky Eklund in the biopic The Fighter, for which he received critical acclaim and won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role. In 2013, he starred in the comedy-drama American Hustle, for which he received his second Academy Award nomination, his first in the Best Actor category, in addition to a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
/m/06bnz	Russia or, also officially known as the Russian Federation, is a country situated in northern Eurasia. It is a federal semi-presidential republic, comprising 83 federal subjects. From northwest to southeast, Russia shares land borders with Norway, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, China, Mongolia, and North Korea. It shares maritime borders with Japan by the Sea of Okhotsk and the U.S. state of Alaska across the Bering Strait. At 17,075,400 square kilometres, Russia is the largest country in the world, covering more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area. Russia is also the world's ninth most populous nation with 143 million people as of 2012. Extending across the entirety of northern Asia and much of Eastern Europe, Russia spans nine time zones and incorporates a wide range of environments and landforms.\nThe nation's history began with that of the East Slavs, who emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD. Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants, the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century. In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire, beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium. Rus' ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states; most of the Rus' lands were overrun by the Mongol invasion and became tributaries of the nomadic Golden Horde. The Grand Duchy of Moscow gradually reunified the surrounding Russian principalities, achieved independence from the Golden Horde, and came to dominate the cultural and political legacy of Kievan Rus'. By the 18th century, the nation had greatly expanded through conquest, annexation, and exploration to become the Russian Empire, which was the third largest empire in history, stretching from Poland in Europe to Alaska in North America.
/m/05zhg	Peterborough is a Cathedral City and Unitary Authority Area in the East of England, with an estimated population of 214,000, 156,061 of which reside in the Urban part of the city. For ceremonial purposes it falls within the county of Cambridgeshire. It is the largest city in Cambridgeshire and the 27th largest in the United Kingdom. Situated 75 miles north of London, the city stands on the River Nene which flows into the North Sea approximately 30 miles to the north-east. The railway station is an important stop on the East Coast Main Line between London and Edinburgh.\nThe local topography is flat and low-lying, and in some places lies below sea level. The area known as the Fens is to the east of Peterborough. The City of Peterborough includes the outlying military installation of RAF Wittering, and as a unitary authority it borders Northamptonshire and Rutland to the west, Lincolnshire to the north, and Cambridgeshire to the south and east.\nHuman settlement in the area dates back to before the Bronze Age, as can be seen at the Flag Fen archaeological site to the east of the current city centre also with evidence of Roman occupation. The Anglo-Saxon period saw the establishment of a monastery, Medeshamstede, which later became Peterborough Cathedral. The population grew rapidly following the arrival of the railways in the 19th century, and Peterborough became an industrial centre, particularly noted for its brick manufacture.
/m/02cff1	Georgina \"Gina\" McKee is an English actor known for her television roles in Our Friends in the North, The Lost Prince and The Forsyte Saga; and her portrayal of Bella in the film Notting Hill; and her portrayal of Caterina Sforza in the Showtime series The Borgias.
/m/02wk7b	Secrets & Lies is a 1996 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh. Led by an ensemble cast consisting of many Leigh regulars, it stars Marianne Jean-Baptiste as Hortense, a well-educated black middle class London optometrist, who was adopted as a baby and has chosen to trace her family history – only to discover that her birth mother, Cynthia, played by Brenda Blethyn, is a working class white woman with a dysfunctional family. Claire Rushbrook co-stars as Cynthia's other daughter Roxanne, while Timothy Spall and Phyllis Logan portray Cynthia's brother and sister-in-law, the latter of which have secrets of their own affecting their everyday family life.\nSecrets & Lies was one of the films competing for the Palme d'Or at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. It eventually won three awards, including the Best Actress award for Blethyn and the Palme d'Or. Critically acclaimed, the film won numerous other awards, including the Goya Award for Best European Film and the LFCC Award for Film of the Year. At the 50th British Academy Film Awards, the film received seven nods, winning both Best British Film and Best Original Screenplay. It also received five Academy Award nominations, while Blethyn also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama for her portrayal.
/m/04xbq3	American Masters is a PBS television show which produces biographies on artists, actors and writers of the United States who have left a profound impact on the nation's popular culture. It is produced by WNET in New York City. The show debuted on PBS in 1986.\nGroups or organizations featured include: Actors Studio, Algonquin Round Table, Group Theatre, Sweet Honey in the Rock, Women of Tin Pan Alley, Negro Ensemble Company, Juilliard School, the Beat Generation, The Singer-songwriters of the 1970s, Sun Records, Vaudeville, and Warner Bros..
/m/063y_ky	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Breakthrough Performance. In many years, the awards were split into Male and Female categories. In 2011, it was renamed Best Breakout Star. In 2012, it was later renamed Best Breakthrough Performance but was turned into a non-voting category, where an academy of outstanding directors honors a silver screen newcomer with extraordinary talent.
/m/01f8hf	Aliens is a 1986 American science fiction action film co-written and directed by James Cameron and starring Sigourney Weaver, Carrie Henn, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, William Hope, and Bill Paxton. It is the sequel to the 1979 film Alien and the second installment of the Alien franchise. The film follows Weaver's character Ellen Ripley as she returns to the planet where her crew encountered the hostile Alien creature, this time accompanied by a unit of Colonial Marines.\nAliens' action-adventure tone was in contrast to the horror motifs of the original Alien. Following the success of The Terminator, which helped establish Cameron as a major action director, 20th Century Fox greenlit Aliens with a budget of approximately $18 million. It was filmed in England at Pinewood Studios and at a decommissioned power plant in Acton, London.\nAliens grossed $86 million at the US box office during its 1986 theatrical release and $131 million worldwide. The movie was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including a Best Actress nomination for Sigourney Weaver. It won in the categories of Sound Effects Editing and Visual Effects. It won eight Saturn Awards, including Best Science Fiction Film, Best Actress for Weaver and Best Direction and Best Writing for Cameron.
/m/0cvw9	Kolkata is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal. Located on the east bank of the Hooghly river, it is the principal commercial, cultural, and educational centre of East India, while the Port of Kolkata is India's oldest operating port as well as its sole major riverine port. As of 2011, the city had 4.5 million residents; the urban agglomeration, which comprises the city and its suburbs, was home to approximately 14.1 million, making it the third-most populous metropolitan area in India. As of 2008, its economic output as measured by gross domestic product ranked third among South Asian cities, behind Mumbai and Delhi. As a growing metropolitan city in a developing country, Kolkata confronts substantial urban pollution, traffic congestion, poverty, overpopulation, and other logistic and socioeconomic problems.\nIn the late 17th century, the three villages that predated Kolkata were ruled by the Nawab of Bengal under Mughal suzerainty. After the Nawab granted the East India Company a trading license in 1690, the area was developed by the Company into an increasingly fortified mercantile base. Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah occupied Kolkata in 1756, and the East India Company retook it in the following year and by 1772 assumed full sovereignty. Under East India Company and later under the British Raj, Kolkata served as the capital of India until 1911, when its perceived geographical disadvantages, combined with growing nationalism in Bengal, led to a shift of the capital to New Delhi. The city was the centre of the Indian independence movement; it remains a hotbed of contemporary state politics. Following Indian independence in 1947, Kolkata—which was once the centre of modern Indian education, science, culture, and politics—witnessed several decades of relative economic stagnation. Since the early 2000s, an economic rejuvenation has led to accelerated growth.
/m/0167bx	Hepatitis B is an infectious illness of the liver caused by the hepatitis B virus that affects hominoidea, including humans. Originally known as \"serum hepatitis\", the disease has caused epidemics in parts of Asia and Africa, and it is now only endemic in China. About a third of the world population has been infected at one point in their lives, including 350 million who are chronic carriers.\nThe virus is transmitted by exposure to infectious blood or body fluids such as semen and vaginal fluids, while viral DNA has been detected in the saliva, tears, and urine of chronic carriers. Perinatal infection is a major route of infection in endemic countries. Other risk factors for developing HBV infection include working in a healthcare setting, transfusions, dialysis, acupuncture, tattooing, sharing razors or toothbrushes with an infected person, travel in countries where it is endemic, and residence in an institution. However, hepatitis B viruses cannot be spread by holding hands, sharing eating utensils or drinking glasses, kissing, hugging, coughing, sneezing, or breastfeeding.\nThe acute illness causes liver inflammation, vomiting, jaundice, and, rarely, death. Chronic hepatitis B may eventually cause cirrhosis and liver cancer—a disease with poor response to all but a few current therapies. The infection is preventable by vaccination.
/m/0hkpn	Yekaterinburg, alternatively romanized as Ekaterinburg, is the fourth-largest city in Russia and the administrative center of Sverdlovsk Oblast, located in the middle of the Eurasian continent, on the border of Europe and Asia. Population: 1,349,772.\nYekaterinburg is the main industrial and cultural center of the Ural Federal District. Between 1924 and 1991, the city was named Sverdlovsk after the Communist party leader Yakov Sverdlov.
/m/08966	Zürich or Zurich is the largest city in Switzerland and the capital of the canton of Zürich. It is located in north-central Switzerland at the northwestern tip of Lake Zürich. The municipality has approximately 400,028 inhabitants, and the Zurich metropolitan area 1.83 million. Zürich is a hub for railways, roads, and air traffic. Both Zürich Airport and railway station are the largest and busiest in the country.\nPermanently settled for around 2000 years, the history of Zürich goes back to its founding by the Romans, who, in 15 BC, called it Turicum. However, early settlements have been found dating back more than 6400 years ago. During the Middle Ages Zürich gained the independent and privileged status of imperial immediacy and, in 1519, became a primary centre of the Protestant Reformation in Europe under the leadership of Ulrich Zwingli.\nZürich is a leading global city and among the world's largest financial centres. The city is home to a large number of financial institutions and banking giants. Most of Switzerland's research and development centres are concentrated in Zürich and the low tax rates attract overseas companies to set up their headquarters there.
/m/0b76d_m	Anonymous is a 2011 political thriller and historical drama film. Directed by Roland Emmerich and written by John Orloff, the movie is a fictionalized version of the life of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, an Elizabethan courtier, playwright, poet and patron of the arts. It stars Rhys Ifans as de Vere and Vanessa Redgrave as Queen Elizabeth I of England.\nSet within the political atmosphere of the Elizabethan court, the film presents Lord Oxford as the true author of William Shakespeare's plays, and dramatizes events around the succession to Queen Elizabeth I, and the Earl of Essex Rebellion against her. De Vere is depicted as a literary prodigy and the Queen's sometime lover, with whom she has a son, Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton, only to discover that he himself may be the Queen's son by an earlier lover. De Vere eventually sees his suppressed plays performed through a frontman, using his production of Richard III to support a rebellion led by his son and Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex. The insurrection fails, and as a condition for sparing the life of their son, the Queen declares that de Vere will never be known as the author of his plays and poems.
/m/01xcfy	Naomi Ellen Watts is a British-Australian actress and film producer. She began her career in Australia, making her screen debut in the drama film For Love Alone and then appeared in the television series Hey Dad..!, Brides of Christ and Home and Away and alongside Nicole Kidman and Thandie Newton in the coming-of-age comedy-drama film Flirting. After moving to America, Watts appeared in films, including Tank Girl, Children of the Corn IV: The Gathering and Dangerous Beauty and had the lead role in the television series Sleepwalkers.\nAfter years as a struggling actress, Watts gained critical acclaim for her work in David Lynch's psychological thriller Mulholland Drive. The following year, she received public recognition for her role in the box office hit horror film The Ring. She then received nominations for the Academy Award and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Cristina Peck in Alejandro González Iñárritu's neo-noir 21 Grams. Her subsequent films include David O. Russell's comedy I Heart Huckabees, the remake of King Kong, the crime-thriller Eastern Promises and the thriller The International. Since then, Watts has portrayed Valerie Plame Wilson in the biographical drama Fair Game and Helen Gandy in Clint Eastwood's biographical drama J. Edgar. For her leading role as Maria Bennett in the disaster film The Impossible, she received second nominations for the Academy Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress.
/m/07s6tbm	Pamela Fryman is an American sitcom director and producer. She is best known for directing all but twelve episodes of the hit series How I Met Your Mother.
/m/0126y2	Jeffrey Atkins, better known by his stage name Ja Rule, is an American rapper, singer, and actor from Queens, New York.\nBorn in Hollis, Queens, he debuted in 1999 with Venni Vetti Vecci and its single \"Holla Holla\". From 1999 to 2005, Ja Rule had several hits that made the top 20 of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, including \"Between Me and You\" with Christina Milian, \"I'm Real\" and Ain't It Funny with Jennifer Lopez, which both topped the US Billboard Hot 100, the Grammy-nominated #1 hit, \"Always on Time\" with Ashanti, \"Mesmerize\" also with Ashanti, and \"Wonderful\" with R. Kelly and Ashanti. During the 2000s, Ja Rule was signed to The Inc. Records, which was formerly known as Murder Inc. and was led by Irv Gotti. Due from his hits with his fellow collaborators, Ja Rule has earned four Grammy nominations, and has earned six top-ten albums, two of which Rule 3:36 and Pain Is Love, topped the US Billboard 200. He is also known for some well-publicized feuds with other rappers.
/m/02k_4g	The Practice is an American legal drama created by David E. Kelley centering on the partners and associates at a Boston law firm. Running for eight seasons on ABC from 1997 to 2004, the show won the Emmy in 1998 and 1999 for Best Drama Series, and spawned the successful and lighter spin-off series Boston Legal, which ran for five more seasons, from 2004 to 2008.\nThe Practice focused on the law firm of Robert Donnell and Associates. Plots typically featured the firm's involvement in various high-profile criminal and civil cases that often mirror current events. Conflict between legal ethics and personal morality was a recurring theme. Some episodes contained light comedy. Kelley claimed that he conceived the show as something of a rebuttal to L.A. Law and its romanticized treatment of the American legal system and legal proceedings.
/m/0ds1glg	We Bought a Zoo is a 2011 comedy-drama/family film based on the 2008 memoir of the same name by Benjamin Mee. The film is directed by Cameron Crowe, and stars Matt Damon as the lead character. It tells the story of Mee and his family who purchase a dilapidated zoo and take on the challenge of preparing the zoo for its reopening to the public.\nWe Bought a Zoo was released in the United States on December 23, 2011. The film received mixed-to-positive reception from film critics, but still grossed a total of $120 million.
/m/0432_5	Infernal Affairs II is a 2003 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.\nIt is a prequel to the 2002 film Infernal Affairs. Anthony Wong, Eric Tsang, Edison Chen, Shawn Yue, and Chapman To reprise their roles from the original film alongside new cast members Carina Lau, Francis Ng, Roy Cheung and Hu Jun. Neither Tony Leung nor Andy Lau, who played the central roles in the original, appear in the film, as they are replaced by the younger versions played by Yue and Chen, respectively. The events of the film take place from 1991 to 1997.
/m/01vsy95	Patrick Bruce \"Pat\" Metheny is an American jazz guitarist and composer.\nHe is the leader of the Pat Metheny Group and is also involved in duets, solo works and other side projects. His style incorporates elements of progressive and contemporary jazz, post-bop, latin jazz and jazz fusion. Metheny has three gold albums and 20 Grammy Awards. He is the brother of jazz flugelhornist and journalist Mike Metheny.
/m/0c1pj	Mel Colm-Cille Gerard Gibson AO is an American-Australian actor, film director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Peekskill, New York, moved with his parents to Sydney, Australia, when he was 12 years old, and later studied acting at the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art.\nAfter appearing as an action hero during the 1980s, Gibson went on to found Icon Entertainment, a Production Company which independent film director Atom Egoyan has called, \"an alternative to the studio system.\"\nIn 1995, Gibson produced, directed, and starred in the Academy Award-winning Braveheart. In 2004, he directed and produced The Passion of the Christ, a controversial film depicting the last hours in the life of Jesus Christ.
/m/031b3h	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Album is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality works on albums in the R&B music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nAccording to the category description guide for the 54th Grammy Awards, the award is reserved for albums \"containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded contemporary R&B vocal tracks\" which may also \"incorporate production elements found in rap music\". Award recipients include the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists. In 2003, the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album was split into two categories: Best Contemporary R&B Album is for R&B longplay records that have modern hip-hop stylings to them, while this honor is for R&B LPs that are more traditional and less electronic. From 2012, this category will also include recordings that previously fell under the Best Contemporary R&B Album category, which will be discontinued in 2012 as part of a major overhaul of the Grammy Award categories.
/m/0bthb	Lehigh University is an American private research university located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. It was established in 1865 by businessman Asa Packer and has grown to include studies in a wide variety of disciplines. As of 2012, the university comprises 4,883 undergraduate students and 2,187 graduate students. Lehigh is considered one of the twenty-four Hidden Ivies in the Northeastern United States.\nLehigh is ranked 12th in the nation, according to The Wall Street Journal, in college return on investment. The university has over 680 faculty members; awards and honors recognizing Lehigh faculty and alumni include the Nobel Prize, the Pulitzer Prize, Fulbright Fellowship, and membership in the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences.\nThe university has four colleges: the P.C. Rossin College of Engineering and Applied Science, the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Business and Economics, and the College of Education. The College of Arts and Sciences is the largest college today, home to roughly 40% percent of the university's students. The university offers a variety of degrees, including Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, Master of Arts, Master of Science, Master of Business Administration, Master of Engineering, Master of Education, and Doctor of Philosophy.
/m/0488g	Kansas is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States. It is named after the Kansa Native American tribe, which inhabited the area. The tribe's name is often said to mean \"people of the wind\" or \"people of the south wind,\" although this was probably not the term's original meaning. Residents of Kansas are called \"Kansans.\" For thousands of years what is now Kansas was home to numerous and diverse Native American tribes. Tribes in the Eastern part of the state generally lived in villages along the river valleys. Tribes in the Western part of the state were semi-nomadic and hunted large herds of bison. Kansas was first settled by European Americans in the 1830s, but the pace of settlement accelerated in the 1850s, in the midst of political wars over the slavery issue.\nWhen it was officially opened to settlement by the U.S. government in 1854, abolitionist Free-Staters from New England and pro-slavery settlers from neighboring Missouri rushed to the territory to determine if Kansas would become a free state or a slave state. Thus, the area was a hotbed of violence and chaos in its early days as these forces collided, and was known as Bleeding Kansas. The abolitionists eventually prevailed and on January 29, 1861, Kansas entered the Union as a free state. After the Civil War, the population of Kansas grew rapidly, when waves of immigrants turned the prairie into farmland. Today, Kansas is one of the most productive agricultural states, producing high yields of wheat, sorghum, and sunflowers. Kansas is the 15th most extensive and the 34th most populous of the 50 United States.
/m/0l15f_	The alto flute is a type of Western concert flute, a musical instrument in the woodwind family. It is the next extension downward of the C flute after the flûte d'amour. It is characterized by its distinct, mellow tone in the lower portion of its range. It is a transposing instrument in G and, like the piccolo and bass flute, uses the same fingerings as the C flute.\nThe tube of the alto flute is considerably thicker and longer than a C flute and requires more breath from the player. This gives it a greater dynamic presence in the bottom octave and a half of its range.\nIt was the favourite flute variety of Theobald Boehm, who perfected its design, and is pitched in the key of G.\nIts range is from G3 to G6 plus an altissimo register stretching to D♭7. The headjoint may be straight or curved.\nBritish music that uses this instrument often refers to it as a bass flute, which can be confusing since there is a distinct instrument known by that name. This naming confusion originated in the fact that the modern flute in C is pitched in the same range as the Renaissance tenor flute, therefore a lower pitched instrument would be called a bass.
/m/02zv4b	Entertainment Tonight, nicknamed ET, is a daily tabloid entertainment television news show that is syndicated by CBS Television Distribution throughout the United States, in Canada on Global, and in many countries around the world. Until the start of the 2013-14 television season, the program made the claim that it is \"the most watched entertainment news magazine in the world\". It is the longest-running entertainment news program, with its first broadcast on September 14, 1981, and was the first syndicated program distributed via satellite. Mary Hart served as the show's primary anchor from 1982 until her departure on May 20, 2011. Mark Steines and Nancy O'Dell took on the roles of primary hosts of the show once Hart left. O'Dell then became the sole host of the show after Steines left the show on July 27, 2012. Rob Marciano became Nancy O'Dell's permanent co-host on January 7, 2013.\nIt was announced on January 30, 2006, that Entertainment Tonight was renewed through the 2011–2012 season, which was the show's 30th season. On September 8, 2008, Entertainment Tonight began to air in high definition with the move of the program from their longtime home at Stage 28 on the Paramount Pictures studio lot to Stage 4 at CBS Studio Center, one of the final steps involving the incorporation of Paramount's former syndication arm, Paramount Domestic Television, into CBS' distribution arms and the adoption of the then-new CBS Television Distribution name, which all took place following the breakup of the original Viacom in 2005.
/m/026f__m	Meet Dave is a 2008 American family comedy science-fiction film directed by Brian Robbins and starring Eddie Murphy. The film was written by Bill Corbett and Rob Greenberg. The film was released by 20th Century Fox and Regency Enterprises on July 11, 2008.
/m/09v3jyg	Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 51st animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Inspired by A. A. Milne's stories of the same name, the film is part of Disney's Winnie the Pooh franchise, the fifth theatrical Winnie the Pooh film released, and Walt Disney Animation Studios' second adaptation of Winnie-the-Pooh stories. Jim Cummings reprises his vocal roles as Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, while series newcomers Travis Oates, Tom Kenny, Craig Ferguson, Bud Luckey, and Kristen Anderson-Lopez provide the voices of Piglet, Rabbit, Owl, Eeyore, and Kanga, respectively. In the film, the aforementioned residents of the Hundred Acre Wood embark on a quest to save Christopher Robin from an imaginary culprit while Pooh deals with a hunger for honey. The film is directed by Stephen Anderson and Don Hall, written by A. A. Milne and Burny Mattinson, produced by Peter Del Vecho, Clark Spencer, John Lasseter, and Craig Sost, and narrated by John Cleese.\nThe film was released on April 15, 2011 in the United Kingdom, and on July 15, 2011 in the United States. The film was originally planned to be released theatrically in Australia, but after a very brief run in limited cinemas in September 2011, it was instead released direct-to-video on October 5, 2011. Production for the film began in September 2009 with John Lasseter announcing that they wanted to create a film that would \"transcend generations.\" The film also features six songs by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, as well as a rendition of the Sherman Brothers' \"Winnie the Pooh\" theme song by actress and musician Zooey Deschanel.
/m/06z9k8	Sociedad Deportiva Eibar, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Eibar, Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded on 30 November 1940, it currently plays in Segunda División.\nThe team plays in azulgrana – claret and blue – shirt with blue shorts, holding home games at Estadio Municipal de Ipurua.
/m/01vvdm	Sammy Cahn was an American lyricist, songwriter and musician. He is best known for his romantic lyrics to films and Broadway songs, as well as stand-alone songs premiered by recording companies in the Greater Los Angeles Area. He and his collaborators had a series of hit recordings with Frank Sinatra during the singer's tenure at Capitol Records, but also enjoyed hits with Dean Martin, Doris Day and many others. He played the piano and violin. He won the Academy Award four times for his songs, including the popular song \"Three Coins in the Fountain\".\nAmong his most enduring songs is \"Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!\", cowritten with Jule Styne in 1945.
/m/03v3xp	Clive Owen is an English actor, who has worked on television, stage and film. He first gained recognition in the United Kingdom for portraying the lead in the ITV series Chancer from 1990 to 1991. He then received critical acclaim for his work in the film Close My Eyes before getting international notice for his performance as a struggling writer in Croupier. In 2005, Owen won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his appearance in the drama Closer. He has since played leading roles in films such as Sin City, Derailed Inside Man, Children of Men, and The International. In 2012, he earned his first Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie for his role in Hemingway & Gellhorn.
/m/0hpyv	Burlington is the largest city in the State of Vermont and the shire town of Chittenden County. It lies 45 miles south of the U.S.-Canadian border and 94 miles south of Montreal.\nBurlington had a population of 42,417 at the 2010 census. The city is the hub of the Burlington-South Burlington metropolitan area, consisting of the three northwestern Vermont counties of Chittenden, Franklin and Grand Isle and encompassing the cities of Burlington, South Burlington, and Winooski; the towns of Colchester, Essex, and Williston; and the village of Essex Junction. According to the 2012 U.S. Census estimates, the metro area had an estimated population of 213,701, approximately one third of Vermont's total population.
/m/03yf3z	Patricia Lynn \"Trisha\" Yearwood, is an American singer, author and actress. She is best known for her ballads about vulnerable young women from a female perspective that have been described by some music critics as \"strong\" and \"confident.\" Yearwood is a member of the Grand Ole Opry and was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2000.\nYearwood rose to fame in 1991, with her debut single, \"She's in Love with the Boy\", which became her first No. 1 single and was featured on her self-titled debut album. Yearwood has continued to find much success and widespread critical acclaim releasing a further ten studio albums, which spawned eight more No. 1 singles and twenty top ten hits combined, such as \"Walkaway Joe\", \"The Song Remembers When\", \"Thinkin' About You\", \"I'll Still Love You More\" and \"I Would've Loved You Anyway\". In 1997, Yearwood recorded the song \"How Do I Live\" for the soundtrack of the movie Con Air. It became her signature song, achieving high positions and sales worldwide, and won Yearwood a Grammy Award. She has also recorded successful duets with her husband, Country superstar Garth Brooks, including \"In Another's Eyes\", which won the couple a Grammy Award.
/m/05zjd	Portuguese is a Romance language and the sole official language of Portugal, Brazil, Mozambique, Angola, Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, and São Tomé and Príncipe. It also has co-official language status in Macau, Equatorial Guinea and East Timor. As the result of expansion during colonial times, Portuguese speakers are also found in Goa, Daman and Diu in India, and in Malacca in Malaysia.\nPortuguese is a part of the Ibero-Romance group that evolved from several dialects of colloquial Latin in the medieval Kingdom of Galicia. With approximately 210 to 215 million native speakers and 240 million total speakers, Portuguese is usually listed as the seventh most spoken language in the world, the third most spoken European language and the major language of the Southern Hemisphere. It is also the most spoken language in South America and the second most spoken in Latin America, after Castilian, as well as an official language of the European Union and Mercosul.\nSpanish author Miguel de Cervantes once called Portuguese \"the sweet and gracious language\" and Spanish playwright Lope de Vega referred to it as \"sweet\", while the Brazilian writer Olavo Bilac poetically described it as \"a última flor do Lácio, inculta e bela\". Portuguese is also termed \"the language of Camões\", after one of the greatest literary figures in the Portuguese language, Luís Vaz de Camões.
/m/0lpjn	Dame Judith Olivia \"Judi\" Dench, CH DBE FRSA is an English film, stage and television actress, occasional singer and author. Dench made her professional debut in 1957 with the Old Vic Company. Over the following few years she played in several of Shakespeare's plays in such roles as Ophelia in Hamlet, Juliet in Romeo and Juliet and Lady Macbeth in Macbeth. She branched into film work, and won a BAFTA Award as Most Promising Newcomer; however, most of her work during this period was in theatre. Not generally known as a singer, she drew strong reviews for her leading role in the musical Cabaret in 1968.\nOver the next two decades, she established herself as one of the most significant British theatre performers, working for the National Theatre Company and the Royal Shakespeare Company. In television, she achieved success during this period, in the series A Fine Romance from 1981 until 1984 and in 1992 began a continuing role in the television romantic comedy series As Time Goes By. Her film appearances were infrequent until she was cast as M in GoldenEye, a role she continued to play in James Bond films through to Skyfall. She received several notable film awards for her role as Queen Victoria in Mrs. Brown, and has since been acclaimed for her work in such films as Shakespeare in Love, receiving the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, Chocolat, Iris, Mrs Henderson Presents, Notes on a Scandal, and Philomena, and the television production The Last of the Blonde Bombshells.
/m/03m6t5	Richard Caruthers \"Rich\" Little is a Canadian-American impressionist and voice actor, nicknamed \"The Man of a Thousand Voices,\" by voice actor Mel Blanc.
/m/02jknp	A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision.
/m/02rqxc	The Portugal national football team represents Portugal in association football and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation, the governing body for football in Portugal. Portugal's home ground is the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, and their head coach is Paulo Bento. Their first World Cup appearance, in the 1966 FIFA World Cup, saw them reach the semi-finals, losing 2–1 at Wembley to the eventual world champions, England. The next two times Portugal qualified for the World Cup were 1986 and 2002, with Portugal going out in the first round both times. In the 1986 tournament, players went on strike over prize-money and refused to train between their first and second games.\nIn 2003, the Portuguese Football Federation hired Luiz Felipe Scolari, the former Brazilian head coach who had led the Brazil national football team to win the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Scolari led Portugal to the final of UEFA Euro 2004, where they lost to Greece, and to their second World Cup semi-final in the 2006 World Cup. Scolari left after Euro 2008 and was replaced by Carlos Queiroz. He led Portugal to the second round of the 2010 World Cup before they were defeated by the eventual champions Spain. Because of poor results in the games that would follow, Queiroz was fired and the Federation hired ex-Sporting Clube de Portugal coach Paulo Bento, who led the national team to the semi-finals of Euro 2012.
/m/03_r_5	The Tunisia national football team, nicknamed Les Aigles de Carthage, is the national team of Tunisia and is controlled by the Tunisian Football Federation. They have qualified for four FIFA World Cups, the first one in 1978, but have yet to make it out of the first round. Nevertheless, they created history in that 1978 tournament in Argentina by becoming the first African side to win a World Cup match, beating Mexico 3–1. They also held defending champions West Germany to a goalless draw before bowing out. They have since qualified for the three tournaments in succession, in 1998, 2002 and 2006: they were the only African team to appear at both the 2002 and 2006 tournaments.\nTunisia also won the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations, when they hosted the tournament.
/m/01j5sd	Gabriel James Byrne is an Irish actor, film director, film producer, writer, cultural ambassador and audiobook narrator. His acting career began in the Focus Theatre before he joined London's Royal Court Theatre in 1979. Byrne's screen debut came in the Irish soap opera The Riordans and the spin-off show Bracken. He has now starred in over 35 feature films, such as The Usual Suspects, Miller's Crossing, Stigmata and End of Days, in addition to writing two. Byrne's producing credits include the Academy Award–nominated In the Name of the Father. More recently, he has received much critical acclaim for his role as Dr. Paul Weston in the HBO drama In Treatment.
/m/01d_h8	Film producers prepare and then supervise the making of a film before presenting the product to a financing entity or a film distributor. They might be employed by a production company or be independent, yet either way they help the creative people as well as the accounting personnel.
/m/0c94fn	Gary Roger Rydstrom is an American sound designer and director. He has won seven Academy Awards for his work in sound for movies.
/m/05dptj	An Ideal Husband is a 1999 film based on the play An Ideal Husband of the same name written by Oscar Wilde. The film stars Jeremy Northam, Rupert Everett, Julianne Moore, Minnie Driver and Oscar winning actress Cate Blanchett. It was directed by Oliver Parker.\nIt was selected as the 1999 Cannes Film Festival's closing film.
/m/018pj3	Emily Robison is an American songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist, and a founding member of the female country band the Dixie Chicks. Robison plays banjo, dobro, guitar, bass, mandolin, accordion, and sitar. Initially in her career with the Dixie Chicks, she limited her singing to harmony with backing vocals, but within her role in the Court Yard Hounds, she has taken on the role of lead vocalist.
/m/02__7n	Christine Jane Baranski is an American stage and screen actress. She is an Emmy Award winner and a two-time Tony Award winner.\nBaranski made her stage debut in 1974 and her Broadway debut in Hide and Seek in 1980. She won two Tony Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for The Real Thing in 1984 and Rumors in 1989. Other Broadway credits include, Hurlyburly, The House of Blue Leaves and Boeing Boeing.\nOn television, she is known for her Emmy Award-winning role as Maryanne Thorpe in the sitcom Cybill, and her Emmy-nominated portrayals of Dr. Beverly Hofstadter in The Big Bang Theory and Diane Lockhart in The Good Wife. She has received a total of eleven Emmy nominations.\nHer film roles include, 9 1/2 Weeks, Legal Eagles, Reversal of Fortune, Addams Family Values, Jeffrey, The Birdcage, Bulworth, Cruel Intentions, Chicago and Mamma Mia!.
/m/03bxp5	Little Women is a 1994 American drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong. The screenplay by Robin Swicord is based on the Louisa May Alcott novel of the same name. It is the fifth feature film adaptation of the Alcott classic, following silent versions released in 1917 and 1918, a 1933 George Cukor-directed release, a 1949 adaptation by Mervyn LeRoy, and a 1978 adaptation by Gordon Hessler. It was released exclusively on December 21, 1994, and was released wide on December 25, 1994, by Columbia Pictures.
/m/02bxd	The didgeridoo is a wind instrument developed by Indigenous Australians of northern Australia around 1,500 years ago and still in widespread use today both in Australia and around the world. It is sometimes described as a natural wooden trumpet or \"drone pipe\". Musicologists classify it as a brass aerophone.\nThere are no reliable sources stating the didgeridoo's exact age. Archaeological studies of rock art in Northern Australia suggest that the people of the Kakadu region of the Northern Territory have been using the didgeridoo for less than 1,000 years, based on the dating of paintings on cave walls and shelters from this period. A clear rock painting in Ginga Wardelirrhmeng, on the northern edge of the Arnhem Land plateau, from the freshwater period shows a didgeridoo player and two songmen participating in an Ubarr Ceremony.\nA modern didgeridoo is usually cylindrical or conical, and can measure anywhere from 1 to 3 m long. Most are around 1.2 m long. Generally, the longer the instrument, the lower the pitch or key of the instrument. However, flared instruments play a higher pitch than unflared instruments of the same length.
/m/04t6fk	1941 is a 1979 period comedy film directed by Steven Spielberg, written by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale, and featuring an ensemble cast including Dan Aykroyd, Ned Beatty, John Belushi, John Candy, Christopher Lee, Toshiro Mifune and Robert Stack. The story involves a panic in the Los Angeles area after the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor.\nAlthough not as financially or critically successful as many of Spielberg's other films, it received belated popularity after an expanded version aired on ABC, and its subsequent home video reissues, raising it to cult status.\nCo-writer Gale stated the plot is loosely based on what has come to be known as the Great Los Angeles Air Raid of 1942 as well as the shelling of the Ellwood oil refinery, near Santa Barbara by a Japanese submarine. Many other events in the film were based on real incidents, including the Zoot Suit Riots and an incident in which the U.S. Army placed an anti-aircraft gun in a homeowner's yard on the Maine coast.
/m/029_3	David Michael Letterman is an American television host and comedian. He hosts the late night television talk show Late Show with David Letterman, broadcast on CBS. Letterman has been a fixture on late night television since the 1982 debut of Late Night with David Letterman on NBC. In 1996, David Letterman was ranked #45 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time. In 2013, Letterman surpassed friend and mentor Johnny Carson as the longest-serving late-night talk show host in TV history, at 31 years.\nLetterman is also a television and film producer. His company Worldwide Pants produces his show as well as its network followup The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. Worldwide Pants has also produced several prime-time comedies, the most successful of which was Everybody Loves Raymond, currently in syndication.
/m/01mkq	Computer science is the scientific and practical approach to computation and its applications. It is the systematic study of the feasibility, structure, expression, and mechanization of the methodical processes that underlie the acquisition, representation, processing, storage, communication of, and access to information, whether such information is encoded in bits and bytes in a computer memory or transcribed engines and protein structures in a human cell. A computer scientist specializes in the theory of computation and the design of computational systems.\nIts subfields can be divided into a variety of theoretical and practical disciplines. Some fields, such as computational complexity theory, are highly abstract, while fields such as computer graphics emphasize real-world visual applications. Still other fields focus on the challenges in implementing computation. For example, programming language theory considers various approaches to the description of computation, whilst the study of computer programming itself investigates various aspects of the use of programming language and complex systems. Human-computer interaction considers the challenges in making computers and computations useful, usable, and universally accessible to humans.
/m/06__m6	Thank You for Smoking is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Jason Reitman and starring Aaron Eckhart, based on the 1994 satirical novel of the same name by Christopher Buckley. It follows the efforts of Big Tobacco's chief spokesman, Nick Naylor, who lobbies on behalf of cigarettes using heavy spin tactics while also trying to remain a role model for his 12-year-old son. Maria Bello, Adam Brody, Sam Elliott, Katie Holmes, Rob Lowe, William H. Macy, and Robert Duvall appear in supporting roles.\nThe film was released in a limited run on March 17, 2006, and had a wide release on April 14. As of 2007, the film has grossed a total of more than $39 million worldwide. On November 24, 2006, NBC announced that it is developing a television pilot based on the film. The film was released on DVD in the US on October 3, 2006, and in the UK on January 8, 2007.
/m/0hwqg	Tony Curtis was an American film actor whose career spanned six decades, but had his greatest popularity during the 1950s and early 1960s. He acted in more than 100 films in roles covering a wide range of genres, from light comedy to serious drama. In his later years, Curtis made numerous television appearances.\nAlthough his early film roles were partly the result of his good looks, by the later half of the 1950s he became a notable and strong screen presence. He began proving himself to be a fine dramatic actor, having the range to act in numerous dramatic and comedy roles. In his earliest parts he acted in a string of mediocre films, including swashbucklers, westerns, light comedies, sports films, and a musical. However, by the time he starred in Houdini with his wife Janet Leigh, \"his first clear success,\" notes critic David Thomson, his acting had progressed immensely.\nHe won his first serious recognition as a skilled dramatic actor in Sweet Smell of Success with co-star Burt Lancaster. The following year he was nominated for an Oscar for Best Actor in another drama, The Defiant Ones. Curtis then gave what could arguably be called his best performance: three interrelated roles in the comedy Some Like It Hot. Thomson called it an \"outrageous film,\" and a survey carried out by the American Film Institute voted it the funniest American film ever made. The film co-starred Jack Lemmon and Marilyn Monroe, and was directed by Billy Wilder. That was followed by Blake Edwards’s comedy Operation Petticoat with Cary Grant. They were both frantic comedies, and displayed his impeccable comic timing. He often collaborated with Edwards on later films. In 1960, Curtis co-starred in Spartacus, which became another major hit for him.
/m/02f79n	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Video from a Film was first awarded in 1987, recognizing the best videos whose songs were a part of a movie soundtrack or featured in a film. As time went on, though, music videos taken from movie soundtracks became more rare, and so the last of this award was given out in 2003. No artist has ever won this award more than once, though Madonna, Will Smith, and U2 are all winners who have been nominated a record three times for this award. U2 members Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen, Jr., however, are technically the most nominated artists of this category, for along with their three nominations with U2, they also received a nomination for their video for the Mission: Impossible theme. In a similar vein, Singles and Batman Forever are the two most nominated films of this category, as they each had two videos off of their soundtracks receive nominations on their respective years.
/m/08lr6s	The Scarlet Letter is a 1995 American film adaptation of the Nathaniel Hawthorne novel of the same name. It was directed by Roland Joffé and stars Demi Moore, Gary Oldman, and Robert Duvall. This version was \"freely adapted\" from Hawthorne and deviated from the original story. Universally panned by critics, the film was also a box office bomb. It was nominated for seven Golden Raspberry Awards at the 1995 ceremony, winning \"Worst Remake or Sequel.\"
/m/030hbp	Mary-Louise Parker is an American actress. Best known for her lead role on Showtime's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin, she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006. Parker has appeared in films and series such as RED, RED 2, Fried Green Tomatoes, Boys on the Side, The West Wing, and Angels in America, for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Parker is also the recipient of the 2001 Tony Award for Best Actress for the Broadway play Proof.
/m/0jcx	Albert Einstein was a German-born theoretical physicist. He developed the general theory of relativity, one of the two pillars of modern physics. While best known for his mass–energy equivalence formula E = mc², he received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics \"for his services to theoretical physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect\". The latter was pivotal in establishing quantum theory.\nNear the beginning of his career, Einstein thought that Newtonian mechanics was no longer enough to reconcile the laws of classical mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field. This led to the development of his special theory of relativity. He realized, however, that the principle of relativity could also be extended to gravitational fields, and with his subsequent theory of gravitation in 1916, he published a paper on the general theory of relativity. He continued to deal with problems of statistical mechanics and quantum theory, which led to his explanations of particle theory and the motion of molecules. He also investigated the thermal properties of light which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light. In 1917, Einstein applied the general theory of relativity to model the large-scale structure of the universe.
/m/047yc	Kuwait, officially the State of Kuwait, is an Arab country in Western Asia. Situated in the northeastern edge of the Arabian peninsula at the tip of the Persian Gulf, it shares borders with Iraq to the north and Saudi Arabia to the south. The name \"Kuwait\" is the diminutive of Arabic كوت kūt, meaning \"fortress\". The country covers an area of 17,820 square kilometers and according to CIA has a population of 2.6 million as of 2012. However, the government of the country claims 3,965,022 people as of January 1, 2014, of which 1,242,490 are nationals.\nIn the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, Kuwait was a successful center of trade and commerce. Kuwait rivaled Basra as an entrepôt for trade between India and the Middle East. In the early 20th century, Kuwait declined in regional economic importance and by 1934, Kuwait had lost its prominence in long-distance trade. Kuwait's economy was devastated by several trade blockades; before these blockades Kuwait was prosperous.\nDuring World War I, the British Empire imposed a trade blockade against Kuwait because Kuwait's ruler supported the Ottoman Empire. Following the Kuwait–Najd War of 1919-1920, Ibn Saud imposed a tight trade blockade against Kuwait for 14 years from 1923 until 1937. After World War I, Kuwait emerged as an independent sheikhdom under the protection of the British Empire. Kuwait's oil fields were discovered in 1937.
/m/01_qgp	The University of Melbourne is an Australian public university located in Melbourne, Victoria. Founded in 1853, it is Australia's second oldest university and the oldest in Victoria. Commonly considered to be Australia's most prestigious university, Melbourne is ranked as Australia's best university by Times Higher Education, Academic Ranking of World Universities and National Taiwan University Rankings. Times Higher Education ranks Melbourne as 34th in the world, while the QS World University Rankings places Melbourne 31st in the world.\nMelbourne's main campus is located in Parkville, an inner suburb north of the Melbourne central business district, with several other campuses located across Victoria. Melbourne is a sandstone university and a member of the Group of Eight, Universitas 21 and the Association of Pacific Rim Universities. Since 1872 various residential colleges have become affiliated with the university. There are 12 colleges located on the main campus and in nearby suburbs offering academic, sporting and cultural programs alongside accommodation for Melbourne students and faculty.\nMelbourne comprises 11 separate academic units and is associated with numerous institutes and research centres, including the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, the Melbourne Institute of Applied Economic and Social Research and the Grattan Institute. Amongst Melbourne's 15 graduate schools the Melbourne Business School, the Melbourne Law School and the Melbourne Medical School are particularly well regarded.
/m/0gltv	The Patriot is a 2000 American historical war film directed by Roland Emmerich, written by Robert Rodat, and starring Mel Gibson, Chris Cooper, and Heath Ledger. It was produced by the Mutual Film Company and Centropolis Entertainment and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film mainly takes place in rural York County, South Carolina, and depicts the story of an American swept into the American Revolutionary War when his family is threatened. Benjamin Martin is a composite figure based on four real American Revolutionary War heroes: Andrew Pickens, Francis Marion, Daniel Morgan and Thomas Sumter.\nThe film attracted controversy, with competing claims made about its merits given its historical inaccuracies. Professor Mark Glancy, teacher of film history at Queen Mary University of London has said: \"It's horrendously inaccurate and attributes crimes committed by the Nazis in the 1940s to the British in the 1770s.\" In contrast, Australian film critic David Edwards asserts that \"this fictional story is set around actual events, but it is not a history of what America was, or even an image of what it has become—it's a dream of what it should be....The Patriot is a grand epic full of action and emotion....But it's also surprisingly insightful in its evaluation of the American ideal—if not the reality.\"
/m/0232lm	Andrew Fetterly Wilkes-Krier, better known by his stagename Andrew W.K., is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, entertainer, motivational speaker, and music producer. He was the host of the television series Destroy Build Destroy.\nAs a musician, he is known for his singles \"Party Hard\" and We Want Fun.
/m/0svqs	Sean Astin is an American film actor, director, voice artist, and producer best known for his film roles as Samwise Gamgee in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, Mikey Walsh in The Goonies, and the title character of Rudy. In television, he appeared as Lynn McGill in the fifth season of 24 and currently voices Raphael in the 2012 Nickelodeon Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles TV series and Oso in the Disney Junior show Special Agent Oso. Astin also served as the campaign manager for his friend, Democrat Dan Adler, a businessman in the entertainment industry, for California's 36th congressional district special election, 2011.
/m/01wj92r	Eric Hilliard Nelson — known as Ricky Nelson, later also as Rick Nelson — was an American actor, musician and singer-songwriter. He starred alongside his family in the television series, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, as well as co-starring alongside John Wayne and Dean Martin in Howard Hawks's western feature film, Rio Bravo. He placed 53 songs on the Billboard Hot 100 between 1957 and 1973 including \"Poor Little Fool\" which holds the distinction of being the first #1 song on Billboard magazine's then-newly created Hot 100 chart. He recorded 19 additional Top 10 hits and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on January 21, 1987. In 1996, he was ranked #49 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time.\nNelson began his entertainment career in 1949 playing himself in the radio sitcom series, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet. In 1952, he appeared in his first feature film, Here Come the Nelsons. In 1957, he recorded his first single, debuted as a singer on the television version of the sitcom, and released the #1 album entitled Ricky. In 1958, Nelson released his first #1 single, \"Poor Little Fool\", and in 1959 received a Golden Globe nomination for \"Most Promising Male Newcomer\" after starring in Rio Bravo. A few films followed, and when the television series was cancelled in 1966, Nelson made occasional appearances as a guest star on various television programs.
/m/01d8yn	Aaron Benjamin Sorkin is an Academy and Emmy-award winning American screenwriter, producer, and playwright, whose works include A Few Good Men, The American President, The West Wing, Sports Night, Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, Charlie Wilson's War, The Social Network, Moneyball and The Newsroom.\nIn television, Sorkin is known as a controlling writer who rarely shares the credit of penning screenplays. His trademark rapid-fire dialogue and extended monologues are complemented, in television, by frequent collaborator Thomas Schlamme's characteristic directing technique called the \"walk and talk\". These sequences consist of single tracking shots of long duration involving multiple characters engaging in conversation as they move through the set; characters enter and exit the conversation as the shot continues without any cuts.
/m/08mg_b	Wyatt Earp is a 1994 American semi-biographical Western film, written by Dan Gordon and Lawrence Kasdan and directed by Kasdan. It stars Kevin Costner in the title role as lawman Wyatt Earp, and features an ensemble cast that includes Dennis Quaid, Gene Hackman, Isabella Rossellini, Mark Harmon, Michael Madsen, Joanna Going, Tom Sizemore, Bill Pullman, JoBeth Williams, Linden Ashby, and Mare Winningham.
/m/05r5w	Pamela Denise Anderson is a Canadian-American actress, model, producer, author, activist, and former showgirl, known for her roles on the television series Home Improvement, Baywatch, and V.I.P. She was chosen as a Playmate of the Month for Playboy magazine in February 1990. For a time, she was known as Pamela Anderson Lee after marrying Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee. She maintains dual Canadian and American citizenship. Anderson is a member of the Animal Rights movement and has conducted campaigns condemning the commercial fur industry and promoting veganism through the animal welfarist organisation People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
/m/03f3_p3	Nina Simone was an American singer, songwriter, pianist, arranger, and civil rights activist widely associated with jazz music. Simone aspired to become a classical pianist while working in a broad range of styles including classical, jazz, blues, folk, R&B, gospel, and pop.\nBorn the sixth child of a preacher's family in North Carolina, Simone aspired to be a concert pianist. Her musical path changed direction after she was denied a scholarship to the prestigious Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, despite a well-received audition. Simone was later told by someone working at Curtis that she was rejected because she was black. When she began playing in a small club in Philadelphia to fund her continuing musical education and become a classical pianist she was required to sing as well. She was approached for a recording by Bethlehem Records, and her rendering of \"I Loves You, Porgy\" was a hit in the United States in 1958. Over the length of her career Simone recorded more than 40 albums, mostly between 1958—when she made her debut with Little Girl Blue—and 1974.\nHer musical style arose from a fusion of gospel and pop songs with classical music, in particular with influences from her first inspiration, Johann Sebastian Bach, and accompanied with her expressive jazz-like singing in her characteristic contralto. She injected as much of her classical background into her music as possible to give it more depth and quality, as she felt that pop music was inferior to classical. Her intuitive grasp on the audience–performer relationship was gained from a unique background of playing piano accompaniment for church revivals and sermons regularly from the early age of six years old.
/m/06cgy	Robert De Niro is an American actor, director, producer, and voice actor. His first major film roles were in Bang the Drum Slowly and Mean Streets, both in 1973. Then in 1974, after not receiving the role of Michael Corleone in The Godfather, he was cast as the young Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II, a role for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.\nHis longtime collaboration with director Martin Scorsese began with Mean Streets, and later earned De Niro an Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Jake LaMotta in the 1980 film Raging Bull. He earned nominations for Taxi Driver in 1976 and Cape Fear in 1991. De Niro received additional Academy Award nominations for Michael Cimino's The Deer Hunter, Penny Marshall's Awakenings, and David O. Russell's Silver Linings Playbook. His portrayal of gangster Jimmy Conway in Scorsese's Goodfellas earned him a BAFTA nomination in 1990.\nDe Niro has earned four nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, for his work in New York, New York, Midnight Run, Analyze This, and Meet the Parents. He has also simultaneously directed and starred in films such as 1993's A Bronx Tale and 2006's The Good Shepherd. De Niro has received accolades for his career, including the AFI Life Achievement Award and the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award.
/m/03wy8t	New York Stories is a 1989 anthology film; it consists of three shorts with the central theme being New York City.\nThe first is Life Lessons, directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Richard Price and starring Nick Nolte. The second is Life Without Zoë, directed by Francis Ford Coppola and written by Coppola with his daughter, Sofia Coppola. The last is Oedipus Wrecks, directed, written by and starring Woody Allen.\nThe film was screened out of competition at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.\nOne actor, Paul Herman, has a bit part in each segment.\nThe trailer contains three shots from the \"Zoe\" segment not in the actual film: Zoe ordering room service, A boy slams a pie in a girl's face at a party, and A different angle of Zoe's parents kissing right before Zoe yells \"cut\". The trailer can be found on the 2012 Blu-Ray edition.
/m/0gjc4d3	Man of Steel is a 2013 American superhero film directed by Zack Snyder, produced by Christopher Nolan, and written by David S. Goyer. Based on the DC Comics character Superman, the film is a reboot of the Superman film series that portrays the character's origin story. The film stars Henry Cavill in the title role, with Amy Adams as Lois Lane, Michael Shannon as General Zod, Diane Lane as Martha Kent, Kevin Costner as Jonathan Kent, Laurence Fishburne as Perry White, and Russell Crowe as Jor-El.\nDevelopment began in 2008 when Warner Bros. Pictures took pitches from comic book writers, screenwriters and directors, opting to reboot the franchise. In 2009, a court ruling resulted in Jerry Siegel's family recapturing the rights to Superman's origins and Siegel's copyright. The decision stated that Warner Bros. did not owe the families additional royalties from previous films, but if they did not begin production on a Superman film by 2011, then the Shuster and Siegel estates would be able to sue for lost revenue on an unproduced film. Nolan pitched Goyer's idea after story discussion on The Dark Knight Rises, and Snyder was hired as the film's director in October 2010. Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago, Illinois, before moving to Vancouver and Plano, Illinois. Man of Steel marks the first film in an intended shared fictional cinematic universe with other DC Comics characters.
/m/02q_cc	Kathleen Kennedy is an American film producer. In 1981, she co-founded Amblin Entertainment with her future husband Frank Marshall and Steven Spielberg. She produced the 1982 film E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and the Jurassic Park trilogy, the first two of which became two of the top ten highest-grossing films of the 1990s. In terms of domestic box office receipts Kennedy is second only to Spielberg, with over $5.2 billion as of October 2012.\nOn October 30, 2012, she became the president of Lucasfilm and the brand manager of the Star Wars franchise after The Walt Disney Company acquired the company for over $4 billion. It was then announced that the first project under her authority will be Star Wars Episode VII which is scheduled to be released in December 2015.\nOverall, Kennedy's work has included over 60 films, 120 Academy Award nominations, and over $11 billion worldwide including three of the highest grossing films in motion picture history. One of her most recent projects, Lincoln, also produced by Spielberg, was nominated for seven Golden Globes and twelve Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor Daniel Day-Lewis.
/m/0ch3qr1	Jack and Jill is a 2011 comedy film written by Steve Koren, Robert Smigel, Ben Zook and directed by Dennis Dugan.
/m/026cmdc	The Washington State Cougars football team is the intercollegiate football team of Washington State University. The team is part of the Pacific-12 Conference. They are currently coached by Mike Leach.\nThe Cougars play home games on campus at Martin Stadium, which opened in 1972; the site dates back to 1892 when it was called Soldier Field. Its present seating capacity is 33,522.
/m/0mwyq	Blair County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of 2010, the population was 127,089. Its county seat is Hollidaysburg. It was created on February 26, 1846, from parts of Huntingdon and Bedford Counties. It is part of the Altoona, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0fw4v	San Juan, officially Municipio de la Ciudad Capital San Juan Bautista, is the capital and most populous municipality in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, an unincorporated territory of the United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 395,326 making it the 46th-largest city under the jurisdiction of the United States. San Juan was founded by Spanish colonists in 1521, who called it Ciudad de Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico's capital is the second oldest European-established capital city in the Americas, after Santo Domingo, in the Dominican Republic. Several historical buildings are located in San Juan; among the most notable are the city's former defensive forts, Fort San Felipe del Morro and Fort San Cristóbal, and La Fortaleza, the oldest executive mansion in continuous use in the Americas.\nToday, San Juan is one of Puerto Rico's most important seaports, and is the island's manufacturing, financial, cultural, and tourism center. The population of the Metropolitan Statistical Area, including San Juan and the municipalities of Bayamón, Guaynabo, Cataño, Canóvanas, Caguas, Toa Alta, Toa Baja, Carolina and Trujillo Alto, is about 2 million inhabitants; thus, about half the population of Puerto Rico now lives and works in this area. San Juan is also a principal city of the San Juan-Caguas-Fajardo Combined Statistical Area. The city has been the host of numerous important events within the sports community, including the 1979 Pan American Games, 1966 Central American and Caribbean Games, events of the 2006, 2009 and 2013 World Baseball Classics, the Caribbean Series and the Special Olympics and MLB San Juan Series in 2010.
/m/023vcd	Happy Gilmore is a 1996 sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Robert Simonds. It stars Adam Sandler as the title character, an unsuccessful ice hockey player who discovers a talent for golf. The screenplay was written by Sandler and Tim Herlihy. This film was the first of multiple collaborations between Sandler and Dugan. The film has received mixed reviews since its release.
/m/0dq_5	A chief executive officer is the highest-ranking corporate officer or administrator in charge of total management of an organization. An individual appointed as a CEO of a corporation, company, organization, or agency typically reports to the board of directors. In British English, terms often used as synonyms for CEO include managing director and chief executive.
/m/0r15k	West Hollywood is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The city was incorporated on November 29, 1984. It is notably famous for its unique vibrant commercial corridors, dining, and eccentric nightlife focused on the Sunset Strip. As of the 2011 census, its population is 34,650, with a large proportion of gay men. Most of West Hollywood is in the Postal Zip Code 90069.
/m/0_9l_	Howards End is a 1992 film based upon the novel of the same name by E. M. Forster, a story of class relations in turn-of-the-20th-century England. The film—produced by Merchant Ivory Productions as their third adaptation of a Forster novel —was the first film to be released by Sony Pictures Classics. The screenplay was written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant.\nHowards End was entered as Official selection for Cannes International Film Festival and won 45th Anniversary Award. In 1993, the film received nine Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture for Ismail Merchant and Best Director for James Ivory. The film won three awards, including for Best Art Direction. Ruth Prawer Jhabvala earned her second Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, while Emma Thompson won the 1992 Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/02l6dy	Gretchen Mol is an American actress and former model. She is known for her roles in the films Rounders, Celebrity, 3:10 to Yuma, The Thirteenth Floor, and The Notorious Bettie Page, where she played the title character. She currently appears as Gillian Darmody in HBO's Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0993r	Denise Lee Richards is an American actress and former fashion model. She has appeared in films, including Starship Troopers, Wild Things, Drop Dead Gorgeous, The World Is Not Enough as a Bond girl, and in Valentine. She later appeared in Scary Movie 3, Love Actually, Edmond, and Madea's Witness Protection. She appeared in guest arcs on television series such as Melrose Place, Spin City and Two and a Half Men. She also played Monica and Ross Geller's cousin on Friends. In 2008-2009, she starred on the E! reality TV show Denise Richards: It's Complicated. In 2010-2011, she was a series regular on the comedy Blue Mountain State. In 2012, she made guest appearances on 30 Rock, Anger Management and 90210. She currently stars in the ABC Family series Twisted, on which she plays a fallen socialite and mother of a murderer.
/m/0f25w9	Chicken is the most common type of poultry in the world, and was one of the first domesticated animals. Chicken is a major world wide source of meat and eggs for human consumption. It is prepared as food in a wide variety of ways, varying by region and culture. The prevalence of chickens is due almost the entire chicken being edible, and the ease of raising them. In the developed world chickens are usually subject to intensive farming methods.
/m/01n4w	Colorado is a U.S. state encompassing most of the Southern Rocky Mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the Colorado Plateau and the western edge of the Great Plains. Colorado is part of the Western United States, the Southwestern United States, and the Mountain States. Colorado is the 8th most extensive and the 22nd most populous of the 50 United States. The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Colorado was 5,268,367 on July 1, 2013, an increase of +4.76% since the 2010 United States Census.\nThe state was named for the Colorado River, which Spanish explorers named the Río Colorado for the ruddy silt the river carried from the mountains. On August 1, 1876, U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant signed a proclamation admitting Colorado to the Union as the 38th state. Colorado is nicknamed the \"Centennial State\" because it became a state in the centennial year of the United States Declaration of Independence.\nColorado is bordered by the northwest state of Wyoming to the north, the Midwest states of Nebraska and Kansas to the northeast and east, on the south by New Mexico and Oklahoma, on the west by Utah, and Arizona to the southwest. The four states of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Arizona meet at one common point known as the Four Corners, which is known as the heart of the American Southwest. Colorado is noted for its vivid landscape of mountains, forests, high plains, mesas, canyons, plateaus, rivers, and desert lands.
/m/03cws8h	Jeffrey Richman is an American writer, producer and actor.
/m/0561xh	Shankar Jaikishan, were a duo who composed Indian music for the Hindi film industry, who worked together from 1949–1971.\nShankar-Jaikishan, along with other artists, wrote \"everlasting\" and \"immortal melodies\" in the fifties and sixties. Their best work was noted for being \"raga-based and having both lilt and sonority\".
/m/02r38	Sir Edward William Elgar, 1st Baronet, OM, GCVO was an English composer, many of whose works have entered the British and international classical concert repertoire. Among his best-known compositions are orchestral works including the Enigma Variations, the Pomp and Circumstance Marches, concertos for violin and cello, and two symphonies. He also composed choral works, including The Dream of Gerontius, chamber music and songs. He was appointed Master of the King's Musick in 1924.\nAlthough Elgar is often regarded as a typically English composer, most of his musical influences were not from England but from continental Europe. He felt himself to be an outsider, not only musically, but socially. In musical circles dominated by academics, he was a self-taught composer; in Protestant Britain, his Roman Catholicism was regarded with suspicion in some quarters; and in the class-conscious society of Victorian and Edwardian Britain, he was acutely sensitive about his humble origins even after he achieved recognition. He nevertheless married the daughter of a senior British army officer. She inspired him both musically and socially, but he struggled to achieve success until his forties, when after a series of moderately successful works his Enigma Variations became immediately popular in Britain and overseas. He followed the Variations with a choral work, The Dream of Gerontius, based on a Roman Catholic text that caused some disquiet in the Anglican establishment in Britain, but it became, and has remained, a core repertory work in Britain and elsewhere. His later full-length religious choral works were well received but have not entered the regular repertory. The first of his Pomp and Circumstance Marches is well known in the English-speaking world.
/m/01l9v7n	William \"Bill\" Conti is an American composer and conductor best known for his film scores, including Rocky, For Your Eyes Only, and The Right Stuff, the latter of which earned him an Academy Award. He is frequently the conductor at the Academy Awards ceremony.
/m/0jmmn	The Sacramento Kings is a professional basketball team based in Sacramento, California, United States. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Kings are the only team in the Major professional North American sports leagues located in Sacramento; they play their home games at Sleep Train Arena.\nThe Kings can trace their origins to a local semi-professional team based in Rochester, New York in the early 1920s. The team was officially established professionally in the National Basketball League in 1945 as the Rochester Royals. The Royals defected to the NBL's rival, the Basketball Association of America, in 1948. In 1949, as a result of that year's absorption of the NBL by the BAA, the Royals became members of the newly formed NBA.\nThe Royals were often successful on the court, winning the NBA championship in 1951. However, they had trouble turning a profit in the comparatively small market of Rochester, and relocated to Cincinnati, Ohio in 1957, becoming the Cincinnati Royals. In 1972, the team relocated to Kansas City, Missouri, initially splitting its games between Kansas City and Omaha, Nebraska, and taking up the name Kansas City Kings. The team again failed to find success in its market, and moved to Sacramento in 1985. After the San Antonio Spurs lost the 2013 NBA Finals to the Miami Heat in seven games, the Kings are now the only franchise to never trail in a single NBA Finals series.
/m/01g969	Kurt Vogel Russell is an American television and film actor. His first acting roles were as a child in television series, including a lead role in the Western series The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters. In the 1970s, he signed a ten-year contract with the Walt Disney Company, where he became, according to Robert Osborne, the \"studio's top star of the '70s\". In 1979, Russell was nominated for an Emmy Award for the made-for-television film Elvis.\nIn 1983, he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for his performance opposite Meryl Streep in the 1984 film, Silkwood. During the 1980s, Russell was cast in several films by director John Carpenter, including anti-hero roles such as former army hero-turned robber Snake Plissken in the futuristic action film Escape from New York and its sequel, Escape from L.A., Antarctic helicopter pilot R.J. MacReady in the horror film The Thing, and truck driver Jack Burton in the dark kung-fu comedy/action film Big Trouble in Little China, all of which have since become cult films.\nIn 1994, Russell had a starring role in the military science fiction film Stargate. In the mid-2000s, his portrayal of U.S. Olympic hockey coach Herb Brooks in Miracle won the praise of critics. In 2006, he appeared in the disaster-thriller Poseidon, and in 2007 Quentin Tarantino's Death Proof segment from the film Grindhouse.
/m/05gml8	Lauren Michael Holly is an American-Canadian actress. She is known for her roles as Deputy Sheriff Maxine Stewart in the TV series Picket Fences, as Mary Swanson in the 1994 film Dumb & Dumber, and as Jenny Shepard on the TV series NCIS. She was married to comic actor Jim Carrey from 1996 to 1997.
/m/022q4l9	Patrick Gallagher is a Canadian actor.
/m/0770cd	James Poyser is a multi-Grammy award winning songwriter, musician and multi-platinum producer.\nPoyser has written and produced songs for various legendary and award-winning artists including Erykah Badu, Mariah Carey, John Legend, Lauryn Hill, Common, Anthony Hamilton, D'Angelo, The Roots, and Keyshia Cole.\nDuring his career, Poyser has toured, and played live with such distinctive artists as Jay-Z, The Roots, Erykah Badu, and Aretha Franklin. An active session musician, he has contributed to the works of Adele, Norah Jones, Eric Clapton, Joss Stone, Ziggy Marley, Macy Gray and Femi Kuti.\nPoyser received a Grammy for Best R&B Song in 2003 for co-writing Erykah Badu and Common's hit \"Love Of My Life.\" James was also the executive producer on Badu's highly celebrated albums, Mama's Gun and Worldwide Underground.\nA longtime collaborator and member of The Roots, James has joined them on stage, performing live as the houseband for NBC's Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and subsequently The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
/m/02r771y	The Martin Beck Award is an award given by the Swedish Crime Writers' Academy for the best crime novel in translation. It is one of the most prestigious international crime-writing awards.\nThe Award is named after Martin Beck, a fictional Swedish police detective who is the main character in a series of ten novels by Sjöwall and Wahlöö
/m/01vsnff	Jack White, often credited as Jack White III, is an American musician, singer-songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor. He is best known as the vocalist, guitarist and pianist of the White Stripes which disbanded February 2011. On April 24, 2012, White released his debut solo album, Blunderbuss which received wide critical acclaim.\nHe is ranked No. 70 on Rolling Stone's list of \"The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\". White's popular and critical success with The White Stripes enabled him to collaborate as a solo artist with other renowned musicians, such as Beck, the Rolling Stones, Jeff Beck, Alicia Keys, Bob Dylan, Wanda Jackson, Electric Six, and Loretta Lynn, whose 2004 album Van Lear Rose he produced and performed on. In 2006, White became a founding member of the rock band the Raconteurs. In 2009, he became a founding member and drummer of his third commercially successful group, the Dead Weather. He was awarded the title of \"Nashville Music City Ambassador\" by the Nashville mayor Karl Dean in 2011.
/m/014x77	Rachel Hannah Weisz is an English film and theatre actress and former fashion model.\nWeisz began her acting career at Trinity Hall, Cambridge in the early 1990s, then started working in television, appearing in Inspector Morse, the British mini-series Scarlet and Black, and the television film Advocates II. She made her film debut in the film Death Machine, but her breakthrough role came in the film Chain Reaction, leading to a high-profile role as Evelyn Carnahan-O'Connell in the films The Mummy and The Mummy Returns. Other notable films featuring Weisz are Enemy at the Gates, About a Boy, Constantine, The Fountain and The Constant Gardener, for which she received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors' Guild award for her supporting role as Tessa Quayle. In 2006, Weisz received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year. She has recently played Evanora in Oz the Great and Powerful.\nWeisz also works in theatre. Her stage breakthrough was the 1994 revival of Noël Coward's play Design for Living, which earned her the London Critics Circle Award for the most promising newcomer. Weisz's performances also include the 1999 Donmar Warehouse production of Tennessee Williams' Suddenly, Last Summer, and their 2009 revival of A Streetcar Named Desire. Her portrayal of Blanche DuBois in the latter play earned her the Critics' Circle Theatre Award for Best Actress.
/m/04fzk	Kirsten Caroline Dunst is a German-American actress, singer and model. She made her film debut in Oedipus Wrecks, a short film directed by Woody Allen for the anthology New York Stories. At the age of 12, Dunst gained widespread recognition playing the role of vampire Claudia in Interview with the Vampire, a performance for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress. She appeared in Little Women the same year and in Jumanji the following year to further acclaim. After supporting roles in the television series ER and films such as Wag the Dog, Small Soldiers and The Virgin Suicides, Dunst transitioned into romantic comedies and comedy dramas, starring in Drop Dead Gorgeous, Bring It On, Get Over It and Crazy/Beautiful.\nDunst achieved international fame as a result of her portrayal of Mary Jane Watson in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy. Since then her films have included the romantic comedy Wimbledon, the romantic science fiction Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Cameron Crowe's tragicomedy Elizabethtown. She played the title role in Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette and starred in the comedy How to Lose Friends & Alienate People. She won the Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival and the Saturn Award for Best Actress for her performance in Lars von Trier's Melancholia.
/m/035yn8	The Exorcist is a 1973 American supernatural horror film directed by William Friedkin, adapted by William Peter Blatty from his 1971 novel of the same name. The book, inspired by the 1949 exorcism case of Roland Doe, deals with the demonic possession of a 12-year-old girl and her mother's desperate attempts to win back her child through an exorcism conducted by two priests.\nThe film features Linda Blair, Ellen Burstyn, Max von Sydow, Jason Miller, Lee J. Cobb, and Mercedes McCambridge. It is one of a cycle of \"demonic child\" films produced from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s, including Rosemary's Baby and The Omen.\nThe Exorcist was released theatrically in the United States by Warner Bros. on December 26, 1973. The film earned 10 Academy Award nominations, winning two, and losing Best Picture to The Sting. It became one of the highest-grossing films of all time, grossing over $441 million worldwide. It is also the first horror film to be nominated for Best Picture.\nThe film has had a significant influence on popular culture. It was named the scariest film of all time by Entertainment Weekly and Movies.com and by viewers of AMC in 2006, and was No. 3 on Bravo's The 100 Scariest Movie Moments. In 2010, the Library of Congress selected the film to be preserved as part of its National Film Registry. In 2003, it was placed at No. 2 in Channel 4's The 100 Greatest Scary Moments in the United Kingdom.
/m/01tc9r	Howard Leslie Shore is a Canadian composer, notable for his film scores. He has composed the scores for over 80 films, most notably the scores for The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, for which he won three Academy Awards. He is also a consistent collaborator with director David Cronenberg, having scored all but one of his films since 1979.\nHe has also composed a few concert works including one opera, The Fly, based on the plot of Cronenberg's 1986 film premiered at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris on July 2, 2008, a short piece Fanfare for the Wanamaker Organ and the Philadelphia Orchestra, and a short overture for the Swiss 21st Century Symphony Orchestra. Howard Shore also scored for The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, the third film of the five-film series.\nShore is a three-time Academy Award winner, and has also won three Golden Globe Awards and four Grammy Awards. He is the uncle of film composer Ryan Shore. Shore serves on the Board of Trustees at his alma mater, Berklee College of Music.
/m/0l39b	Provo is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Utah, located about 43 miles south of Salt Lake City along the Wasatch Front. Provo is the county seat of Utah County and is the largest city in Utah County. It lies between the cities of Orem to the north and Springville to the south. With a population at the 2010 census of 112,488, Provo is the principal city in the Provo-Orem metropolitan area, which had a population of 526,810 residents at the 2010 census. It is the third-largest metro area in the state behind Salt Lake City and Ogden-Clearfield.\nThe city is home to Brigham Young University, a private higher education institution in the United States, which is operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Provo is also home to the largest Missionary Training Center for the LDS Church. The city is a key operational center for Novell and has been a focus area for technology development in Utah. The city is also home to the Peaks Ice Arena, which served as a venue for the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics in 2002. Sundance Resort is located 13 miles northeast at Provo Canyon.\nIn 2009, Provo was listed in Where to Retire magazine as an \"enticing city for new careers.\" Provo was also listed in National Geographic Adventure magazine's \"where to live and play\" as a cultural hub. In 2010, Forbes rated Provo one of the top 10 places to raise a family. Additionally, in 2013, Forbes ranked Provo the No. 2 city on its list of Best Places for Business and Careers.
/m/0r5lz	San Luis Obispo is a city in the U.S. state of California, located roughly midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco on the Central Coast. Founded in 1772 by Spanish Franciscan Junípero Serra, San Luis Obispo is one of California's oldest communities. The city, locally referred to as San Luis, SLO, or SLO Town is the county seat of San Luis Obispo County and is adjacent to California Polytechnic State University. The population was 45,119 at the 2010 census. The population of San Luis Obispo County was 269,637 in 2010.
/m/02rdxsh	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Picture is an annual award given by National Society of Film Critics to honor the best film of the year.\nIn the past 40 years, the Society only agreed with the Oscar for Best Picture 5 times: 1977 Annie Hall, 1992 Unforgiven, 1993 Schindler's List, 2004 Million Dollar Baby and 2009 The Hurt Locker. Four others have received the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film: Z, Le charme discret de la bourgeoisie, La nuit américaine, and Préparez vos mouchoirs.
/m/02778qt	David Miner is an American Emmy Award-winning film and television producer and talent manager who is known for his work as an Executive Producer on 30 Rock, Parks & Recreation and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
/m/05fjy	New Mexico is a state located in the southwest and western regions of the United States. It is usually considered one of the Mountain States. New Mexico is the 5th most extensive, the 36th most populous, and the 6th least densely populated of the 50 United States.\nInhabited by indigenous peoples of the Americas for many centuries before European exploration, New Mexico was subsequently part of the Imperial Spanish viceroyalty of New Spain, then part of Mexico, and a U.S. territory before attaining statehood. Among U.S. states, New Mexico has the highest percentage of Hispanics, including descendants of Spanish colonists and recent immigrants from Latin America. It also has the second-highest percentage of Native Americans after Alaska, and the fourth-highest total number of Native Americans after California, Oklahoma, and Arizona. The tribes in the state consist of mostly Navajo and Pueblo and the Apache peoples. As a result, the demographics and culture of the state are unique for their strong Hispanic and Native-American influences, both of which are reflected in the state flag. The red and gold colors of the New Mexico flag are taken from the flag of Spain, along with the ancient sun symbol of the Zia, a Pueblo-related tribe.
/m/07l24	The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida, U.S. They are currently members of the South Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League – they are the only team in the division not to come from the old NFC West. The team, along with the Seattle Seahawks, joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team. The Bucs played their first season in the AFC West as part of the 1976 expansion plan. After the season, they switched conferences with the Seattle Seahawks and became part of the NFC. The club is currently owned by Malcolm Glazer. They play their home games at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa.\nThe Buccaneers are the first post-merger expansion team to win a division title, win a playoff game, and to host and play in a conference championship game, this was accomplished during the 1979 season. They are also the first team since the merger to complete a winning season when starting 10 or more rookies, which happened in the 2010 season. In 1976 and 1977, The Buccaneers lost their first 26 games. After a brief winning era in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the team suffered through 14 consecutive losing seasons. Then, for a 10-year period, they were consistent playoff contenders and won Super Bowl XXXVII at the end of the 2002 season, but have not yet returned to the Super Bowl; thus the Bucs, along with the New Orleans Saints and New York Jets, are the only NFL teams to win their lone Super Bowl appearance.
/m/025vwmy	Garin Wolf is an American television writer and playwright.
/m/09q5w2	Gladiator is a 2000 British–American epic historical drama film directed by Ridley Scott, starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Ralf Möller, Oliver Reed, Djimon Hounsou, Derek Jacobi, John Shrapnel, and Richard Harris. Crowe portrays the fictional character, loyal Roman general Maximus Decimus Meridius, who is betrayed when the emperor's ambitious son, Commodus, murders his father and seizes the throne. Reduced to slavery, Maximus rises through the ranks of the gladiatorial arena to avenge the murder of his family and his emperor.\nReleased in the United States on May 5, 2000, Gladiator was a box office success, receiving positive reviews, and was credited with rekindling interest in the historical epic. The film was nominated for and won multiple awards, notably five Academy Awards in the 73rd Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Actor for Crowe.
/m/057lbk	Fantastic Four is a 2005 American superhero film inspired by the Marvel Comics comic Fantastic Four. It was directed by Tim Story, and released by 20th Century Fox. It is the second live-action Fantastic Four film to be filmed. A previous attempt, titled The Fantastic Four, was a B-movie produced by Roger Corman that ultimately went unreleased. Fantastic Four was released in the United States on July 8, 2005.\nDespite being a box-office success, the film was negatively received by critics, being criticized for its plot and its lack of originality. A sequel, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, was released in 2007.
/m/0c6qh	William Bradley \"Brad\" Pitt is an American actor and film producer. Pitt has received five Academy Award nominations and five Golden Globe Award nominations, winning one Golden Globe. He has been described as one of the world's most attractive men, a label for which he has received substantial media attention.\nPitt first gained recognition as a cowboy hitchhiker in the road movie Thelma & Louise. His first leading roles in big-budget productions came with A River Runs Through It, Interview with the Vampire, and Legends of the Fall. In 1995, he gave critically acclaimed performances in the crime thriller Seven and the science fiction film 12 Monkeys, the latter earning him a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor and an Academy Award nomination. Four years later, Pitt starred in the cult hit Fight Club. He then starred in the major international hit Ocean's Eleven and its sequels, Ocean's Twelve and Ocean's Thirteen. His greatest commercial successes have been Troy, Mr. & Mrs. Smith, and World War Z. Pitt received his second and third Academy Award nominations for his leading performances in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and Moneyball. Pitt owns a production company, Plan B Entertainment, whose productions include The Departed, which won the Academy Award for Best Picture, and Moneyball, which garnered a Best Picture nomination.
/m/03r0g9	Casino Royale is the twenty-first film in the Eon Productions James Bond film series and the first to star Daniel Craig as fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Directed by Martin Campbell and written by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Paul Haggis, the film marks the third screen adaptation of Ian Fleming's 1953 novel of the same name. Casino Royale is set at the beginning of Bond's career as Agent 007, just as he is earning his licence to kill. After preventing a terrorist attack at Miami International Airport, Bond falls for Vesper Lynd, the treasury employee assigned to provide the money he needs to bankrupt terrorist financier Le Chiffre by beating him in a high-stakes poker game. The story arc continues in the following Bond film, Quantum of Solace.\nCasino Royale reboots the series, establishing a new timeline and narrative framework not meant to precede or succeed any previous Bond film, which allows the film to show a less experienced and more vulnerable Bond. Additionally, the character Miss Moneypenny is, for the first time in the series, completely absent. Casting the film involved a widespread search for a new actor to portray James Bond, and significant controversy surrounded Craig when he was selected to succeed Pierce Brosnan in October 2005. Location filming took place in the Czech Republic, the Bahamas, Italy and the United Kingdom with interior sets built at Pinewood Studios. Although part of the storyline is set in Montenegro, no filming took place there. Casino Royale was produced by Eon Productions for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures, making it the first Eon-produced Bond film to be co-produced by the latter studio.
/m/03mg35	Frank A. Langella, Jr. is an American stage and film actor. He has won three Tony Awards, two for Best Leading Actor in a Play for his performance as Richard Nixon in the play Frost/Nixon and for the role of Leslie in Edward Albee's Seascape. Additionally, Langella has won two Obie Awards and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in the film production of Frost/Nixon.
/m/072bb1	Regina Marie \"Jenna\" Fischer is an American actress and director. She is known for her Emmy-nominated portrayal of Pam Halpert on the NBC situation comedy The Office. She has also appeared in several films, including Blades of Glory, Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story, The Promotion, and Hall Pass.
/m/01ws9n6	Stephen Ellis Garrett, also known as Static Major, was a Grammy Award-Winning American rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer from Louisville, Kentucky. He was a member of the R&B trio Playa. Static Major gained posthumous fame for appearing on Lil Wayne's 2008 album Tha Carter III on the song \"Lollipop\". He was a producer of songs from several artists, including Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Pretty Ricky, and Beyonce. He died unexpectedly in his hospital room before his debut album was released. His debut album was slated to be released around the 5th anniversary of his passing in 2013, but nothing surfaced.
/m/099ks0	Yash Raj Films is an Indian entertainment company established by Yash Chopra, an Indian film director and producer who was considered an entertainment mogul in India. His son Aditya Chopra also produces films under this banner.
/m/01wbg84	Steven Vincent \"Steve\" Buscemi is an American actor, director and writer. An associate member of the renowned experimental theater company The Wooster Group, Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films, including Parting Glances, New York Stories, Mystery Train, Reservoir Dogs, Desperado, Con Air, Armageddon, The Grey Zone, Ghost World and Big Fish; and the HBO television series The Sopranos. He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers: Miller's Crossing, Barton Fink, The Hudsucker Proxy, Fargo and The Big Lebowski.\nSince 2010, he has starred in the critically acclaimed series Boardwalk Empire, which earned him two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Golden Globe, and two nominations for an Emmy Award. He made his directorial debut in 1996, with Trees Lounge, in which he also starred. Other works include Animal Factory, Lonesome Jim and Interview. He has also directed numerous episodes of television shows, including Homicide: Life on the Street, The Sopranos, Oz, 30 Rock and Nurse Jackie.
/m/0f2tj	New Orleans is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana. The population of the city was 343,829 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. The New Orleans metropolitan area had a population of 1,167,764 in 2010 and was the 46th largest in the United States. The New Orleans–Metairie–Bogalusa Combined Statistical Area, a larger trading area, had a 2010 population of 1,214,932.\nThe city is named after the Duke of Orleans, who reigned as Regent for Louis XV from 1715 to 1723, as it was established by French colonists and strongly influenced by their and African cultures. It is well known for its distinct French and Spanish Creole architecture, as well as its cross-cultural and multilingual heritage. New Orleans is also famous for its cuisine, music, and its annual celebrations and festivals, most notably Mardi Gras, dating to French colonial times. The city is often referred to as the \"most unique\" in the United States.\nNew Orleans is located in southeastern Louisiana, straddling the Mississippi River. The city and Orleans Parish are coterminous. The city and parish are bounded by the parishes of St. Tammany to the north, St. Bernard to the east, Plaquemines to the south, and Jefferson to the south and west. Lake Pontchartrain, part of which is included in the city limits, lies to the north and Lake Borgne lies to the east.
/m/02d6cy	Frank Romer Pierson was an American screenwriter and film director.
/m/06tp4h	Ashley Michelle Tisdale is an American actress, recording artist and producer. During her childhood she appeared in more than 100 TV advertisements and had roles in Broadway productions and television shows. In 2004, she was cast as Maddie Fitzpatrick in Disney Channel's The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, and she rose to prominence in 2006 as Sharpay Evans in the television film High School Musical. The High School Musical series became a successful franchise that included three films, a spin-off and numerous soundtrack albums. Tisdale's resultant popularity led her to sign a solo record deal with Warner Bros. Records in 2006. Her debut album Headstrong was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America and includes her most successful single \"He Said She Said\". Two years later, Tisdale began to cultivate an adult image and mainstream pop sound and released her second studio album Guilty Pleasure.\nTisdale has a main voice role in the Disney Channel's three-time Emmy Award-winning animated series Phineas & Ferb as Candace Flynn. The cartoon quickly became television's most-watched animated series among kids and tweens and received very positive reviews. Her other notable roles include Savannah Monroe in The CW's television drama series Hellcats and Jody Sanders in Scary Movie 5. Tisdale worked as the executive producer on films and television series including the ABC Family television film Picture This and the Bravo's 2012 unscripted series Miss Advised.
/m/01t04r	Sanctuary Records Group Limited is a record label based in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of BMG Rights Management. Until June 2007, it was the largest independent record label in the UK and the largest independent music management company in the world. It was also the world's largest independent owners of music intellectual property rights, with over 160,000 songs.
/m/0fjfh	Capsicum is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family Solanaceae. Its species are native to the Americas, where they have been cultivated for thousands of years. In modern times, it is cultivated worldwide, and has become a key element in many regional cuisines. In addition to use as spices and food vegetables, capsicum has also found use in medicines.\nThe fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names depending on place and type. The piquant variety are commonly called chili peppers, or simply \"chilies\". The large mild form is called red pepper, green pepper or bell pepper in North America and typically just \"capsicum\" in New Zealand, Australia, and India. The fruit is called paprika in some other countries.\nThe generic name is derived from the Greek word κάπτω, meaning \"to bite\" or \"to swallow.\" The name \"pepper\" came into use because of their similar flavour to the condiment black pepper, Piper nigrum, although there is no botanical relationship with this plant, or with Sichuan pepper. The original Mexican term, chilli came from the Nahuatl word chilli or xilli, referring to a larger Capsicum variety cultivated at least since 3000 BC, as evidenced by remains found in pottery from Puebla and Oaxaca.
/m/02s_qz	Nathan Fillion is a Canadian actor best known for his role as Richard Castle on the ABC series Castle as well as his earlier portrayal of the lead role of Captain Malcolm Reynolds in the television series Firefly and its feature film continuation, Serenity.\nHe has acted in traditionally distributed films like Slither and Trucker, Internet-distributed films like Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, television soap operas and sitcoms, theatre, and voice acted in the video games Halo 3: ODST and Halo: Reach.
/m/0glnm	The Gay Divorcee is a 1934 American musical film directed by Mark Sandrich and starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. It also features Alice Brady, Edward Everett Horton, Eric Blore and Erik Rhodes, and was based on the Broadway musical Gay Divorce written by Dwight Taylor from an unproduced play by J. Hartley Manners, which was adapted into a musical by Kenneth S. Webb and Samuel Hoffenstein. The film's screenplay was written by George Marion Jr., Dorothy Yost and Edward Kaufman. Robert Benchley, H. W. Hanemann and Stanley Rauh made uncredited contributions to the dialogue.\nThe stage version included many songs by Cole Porter, most of which were left out of the film, \"Night and Day\" being a notable exception. Although the film's screenplay changed most of the songs, it kept the original plot of the stage version. The film features three members of the play's original cast repeating their stage roles - Astaire, Rhodes, and Eric Blore. The Hays Office insisted on the name change, from \"Gay Divorce\" to \"The Gay Divorcee\", believing that while a divorcee could be gay or lighthearted, it would be unseemly to allow a divorce to appear so.\nThe Gay Divorcee was a box office hit and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1935.
/m/07tlfx	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is a 2007 American western drama film written and directed by Andrew Dominik. Adaptated from Ron Hansen's 1983 novel of the same name, the film dramatizes the relationship between James and his killer, Ford.\nFilming took place in Edmonton, Alberta; Winnipeg, Manitoba; and Grafton, Utah. Initially intended for a 2006 release, it was postponed and re-edited for a September 21, 2007 release.
/m/0168ls	Spartacus is a 1960 American epic historical drama film directed by Stanley Kubrick and starring Kirk Douglas as the rebellious slave of the title. The screenplay by Dalton Trumbo was based on the novel Spartacus by Howard Fast. It was inspired by the life story of the historical figure Spartacus and the events of the Third Servile War.\nThe film also starred Laurence Olivier as the Roman general and politician Marcus Licinius Crassus, Peter Ustinov, who won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as slave trader Lentulus Batiatus, John Gavin as Julius Caesar, Jean Simmons, Charles Laughton and Tony Curtis. The film won four Oscars in all.\nDouglas, whose Bryna Productions company was producing the film, removed original director Anthony Mann after the first week of shooting. Kubrick, with whom Douglas had worked before, was brought on board to take over direction. It is the only film directed by Kubrick where he did not have complete artistic control.\nScreenwriter Dalton Trumbo was blacklisted at the time as one of the Hollywood Ten. Kirk Douglas publicly announced that Trumbo was the screenwriter of Spartacus, and President John F. Kennedy crossed picket lines to see the film, helping to end blacklisting. The author of the novel on which it is based, Howard Fast, was also blacklisted, and originally had to self-publish it.
/m/01sb5r	Joseph Fidler \"Joe\" Walsh is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, and actor. He has been a member of three commercially successful bands: the James Gang, Barnstorm, and the Eagles. He has also experienced success both as a solo artist and prolific session musician. He holds the number 54 spot in Rolling Stone magazine's \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.\"
/m/0g251	Stratford-upon-Avon is a market town and civil parish in south Warwickshire, England. It lies on the River Avon, 22 miles south east of Birmingham and 8 miles south west of Warwick. It is the largest and most populous town of the non-metropolitan district Stratford-on-Avon, which uses the term \"on\" rather than \"upon\" to distinguish it from the town itself. Four electoral wards make up the urban town of Stratford; Alveston, Avenue and New Town, Mount Pleasant and Guild and Hathaway. The estimated total population for those wards in 2007 was 25,505.\nThe town is a popular tourist destination owing to its status as birthplace of the playwright and poet William Shakespeare, receiving about 4.9 million visitors a year from all over the world. The Royal Shakespeare Company resides in Stratford's Royal Shakespeare Theatre, one of Britain's most important cultural venues.
/m/0jm_	American football is a sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field 120 yards long by 53.33 yards wide with goalposts at each end. The offense attempts to advance an oval ball down the field by running with or passing it. They must advance it at least ten yards in four downs to receive a new set of four downs and continue the drive; if not, they turn over the football to the opposing team. Most points are scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal. The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.\nAmerican football evolved in the United States, originating from the sport of rugby football. The first game of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules resembling rugby and soccer. A set of rule changes drawn up from 1880 onward by Walter Camp, the \"Father of American Football\", established the snap, eleven-player teams and the concept of downs, and later rule changes legalized the forward pass, created the neutral zone and specified the size and shape of the football.
/m/0534v	Hayao Miyazaki is a Japanese film director, animator, manga artist, illustrator, producer, and screenwriter. Through a career that has spanned six decades, Miyazaki has attained international acclaim as a maker of anime feature films and, along with Isao Takahata, co-founded Studio Ghibli, a film and animation studio. The success of Miyazaki's films has invited comparisons with American animator Walt Disney, British animator Nick Park, and American director Steven Spielberg.\nBorn in Bunkyō, Tokyo, Miyazaki began his animation career in 1963, when he joined Toei Animation. From there, Miyazaki worked as an in-between artist for Gulliver's Travels Beyond the Moon where he pitched his own ideas that eventually became the movie's ending. He continued to work in various roles in the animation industry over the decade until he was able to direct his first feature film Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro which was released in 1979. After the success of his next film, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, he co-founded Studio Ghibli, where he continued to produce many feature films besides during a 'temporary retirement' in 1997 following Princess Mononoke.
/m/0gj96ln	Hotel Transylvania is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy comedy film produced by Sony Pictures Animation. It was directed by Genndy Tartakovsky, the creator of Samurai Jack, Dexter's Laboratory, and Sym-Bionic Titan, and produced by Michelle Murdocca. The film features the voices of Adam Sandler, Andy Samberg, Selena Gomez, Kevin James, Fran Drescher, Steve Buscemi, Molly Shannon, David Spade and Cee Lo Green.\nThe film tells a story of Dracula, the owner of Hotel Transylvania, where the world's monsters can take a rest from human civilization. Dracula invites some of the most famous monsters, including Frankenstein's monster, Mummy, a Werewolf family, and the Invisible Man, to celebrate the 118th birthday of his daughter Mavis. When the hotel is unexpectedly visited by an ordinary 21-year-old traveler named Jonathan, Dracula must protect Mavis from falling in love with him before the hotel's guests learn there is a human in the castle, which may jeopardize the hotel's future.\nThe film was released on September 28, 2012 by Columbia Pictures. It was met with mixed critical reception, while the general public received it favorably. Despite mixed reviews, Hotel Transylvania set a new record for the highest-grossing September opening weekend ever, earning a total of $358 million on a budget of $85 million. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film.
/m/02wh0	Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche was a German philologist, philosopher, cultural critic, poet and composer. He wrote several critical texts on religion, morality, contemporary culture, philosophy and science, displaying a fondness for metaphor, irony and aphorism.\nNietzsche's key ideas include the Apollonian/Dionysian dichotomy, perspectivism, the Will to Power, the \"death of God\", the Übermensch and eternal recurrence. One of the key tenets of his philosophy is the concept of \"life-affirmation,\" which embraces the realities of the world we live now in over the idea of a world beyond. It further champions the creative powers of the individual to strive beyond social, cultural, and moral contexts. His radical questioning of the value and objectivity of truth has been the focus of extensive commentary, and his influence remains substantial, particularly in the continental philosophical schools of existentialism, postmodernism, and post-structuralism. His ideas of individual overcoming and transcendence beyond structure and context have had a profound impact on late-twentieth and early-twenty-first century thinkers, who have used these concepts as points of departure in the development of their philosophies, as seen in the social and political thought of Roberto Mangabeira Unger.
/m/0277470	Don Scardino is an American television director and producer and a former actor.
/m/047rkcm	The Ugly Truth is a 2009 American romantic comedy film starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler. The film was released in North America on July 24, 2009 by Columbia Pictures.
/m/043tvp3	Terminator Salvation is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by McG and starring Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. It is the fourth installment in the Terminator series. In a departure from the previous installments, which were set between 1984 and 2004 and used time travel as a key plot element, Salvation is set in 2018 and focuses on the war between Skynet and humanity, with the human Resistance fighting against Skynet's killing machines. Bale portrays John Connor, a Resistance fighter and the franchise's central character, while Worthington portrays cyborg Marcus Wright. Terminator Salvation also features Anton Yelchin as a young Kyle Reese, a character first introduced in The Terminator, and depicts the origin of the T-800 Model 101 Terminator.\nAfter a troubled pre-production, with The Halcyon Company acquiring the rights for the franchise from Andrew G. Vajna and Mario Kassar and several writers working on the screenplay, filming began in May 2008 in New Mexico and ran for 77 days. Terminator Salvation was released on May 21, 2009 in the United States and Canada, followed by early June releases in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Warner Bros. handled the North America release and Columbia Pictures the international one. The film grossed over $371 million worldwide, but received negative reviews which criticized the story and the absence of Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was replaced by a digital computer graphics version.
/m/0mfc0	John Herbert Varley is an American science fiction author.
/m/059kh	New wave music is an umbrella term for several late-1970s to mid-1980s pop/rock styles with ties to 1970s punk rock. Initially – as with the later post-punk – new wave was broadly analogous to punk rock before branching as a distinctly identified genre, incorporating electronic/experimental music, mod, disco and pop. It subsequently engendered subgenres and fusions, including New Romantic and gothic rock.\nNew wave differs from other movements with ties to first-wave punk as it displays characteristics common to pop music, rather than the more \"arty\" post-punk, though it incorporates much of the original punk rock sound and ethos while arguably exhibiting greater complexity in both music and lyrics. Common characteristics of new wave music, aside from its punk influences, include the use of synthesizers and electronic productions, the importance of styling and the arts, as well as a great amount of diversity.\nNew wave is seen as one of the definitive genres of the 1980s; the genre became a fixture on MTV, and the popularity of several new wave artists has been partially attributed to the exposure that was given to them by the channel. In the mid-1980s, differences between new wave and other music genres began to blur. New wave has enjoyed resurgences since the 1990s, after a rising \"nostalgia\" for several new wave-influenced artists. The revivals in the 1990s and early 2000s were small, but became popular by 2004; subsequently, the genre has influenced a variety of other music genres.
/m/05pxnmb	Imagine That is a 2009 summer release directed by Karey Kirkpatrick, starring Eddie Murphy and Yara Shahidi.
/m/03b1l8	The Fabulous Baker Boys is a 1989 American romantic comedy-drama musical film written and directed by Steve Kloves, and starring real life brothers Jeff Bridges and Beau Bridges as two brothers struggling to make a living as lounge jazz pianists in Seattle. In desperation, they take on a female singer, Michelle Pfeiffer, who revitalizes their careers, causing the brothers to re-examine their relationship with each other and with their music.\nIt was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing and Best Music, Original Score.\nFilm critic Roger Ebert described this film as \"one of the movies they will use as a document, years from now, when they begin to trace the steps by which Pfeiffer became a great star.\"
/m/045xh	The James Tiptree, Jr. Award is an annual literary prize for works of science fiction or fantasy that expand or explore one's understanding of gender. It was initiated in February 1991 by science fiction authors Pat Murphy and Karen Joy Fowler, subsequent to a discussion at WisCon.
/m/03yvf2	Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk. The film was directed by David Fincher and stars Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter. Norton plays the unnamed protagonist, an \"everyman\" who is discontented with his white-collar job. He forms a \"fight club\" with soap maker Tyler Durden, played by Pitt, and they are joined by men who also want to fight recreationally. The narrator becomes embroiled in a relationship with Durden and a dissolute woman, Marla Singer, played by Bonham Carter.\nPalahniuk's novel was optioned by 20th Century Fox producer Laura Ziskin, who hired Jim Uhls to write the film adaptation. Fincher was one of four directors the producers considered. They hired him because of his enthusiasm for the film. Fincher developed the script with Uhls and sought screenwriting advice from the cast and others in the film industry. The director and the cast compared the film to Rebel Without a Cause and The Graduate. Fincher intended Fight Club's violence to serve as a metaphor for the conflict between a generation of young people and the value system of advertising. The director copied the homoerotic overtones from Palahniuk's novel to make audiences uncomfortable and keep them from anticipating the twist ending.
/m/03t5n3	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Song is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality songs in the rap music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented to Eminem along with Jeff Bass and Luis Resto for the song \"Lose Yourself\" from the soundtrack 8 Mile in 2004. According to the 54th Grammy Awards description guide, the award honors the songwriter of new songs or songs \"first achieving prominence during the period of eligibility\". Songs containing prominent samples may be eligible.\nKanye West holds the records for the most wins and nominations in this category, having won six times out of nine nominations. He is followed by Jay-Z with three wins and six nominations. No further songwriters have won this category more than once. T.I. holds the record for most nominations without a win with four.
/m/06pqy_	AGOVV Apeldoorn is a Dutch football club from the city of Apeldoorn, established in 1913.\nThe club was founded on 25 February 1913, as AGOSV, which stood for Apeldoornse Geheel Onthoudersvoetbalvereniging Steeds Voorwaarts. When the club joined the football association of Gelderland, the club had to change its name, because there was another club called Steeds Voorwaarts. The name was changed to AGOVV, or Apeldoornse Geheel Onthouders Voetbalvereniging, which means Apeldoorn football club for teetotallers. The meaning of the abbreviation has since been altered. AGOVV has become Alleen Gezamenlijk Oefenen Voert Verder.\nAGOVV became a professional club in 1954, and returned to the amateur ranks in 1971 due to financial problems. On 1 July 2003, AGOVV returned to the Dutch professional league, when it was re-admitted to the Eerste Divisie. In the 2003/2004 season, forward Klaas-Jan Huntelaar became top scorer of the Eerste Divisie with 26 goals. On 11 January 2013, the professional section of AGOVV was declared bankrupt and was thus according to Dutch league rules excluded from competition, with all its previous results in the ongoing competition expunged. The professional club in its current form ceased to exist, with all its players becoming free agents. The amateur section of AGOVV is continuing in the amateur leagues, they are currently playing in the Tweede Klasse which is the sixth level of Dutch football.
/m/0f502	John Joseph Travolta is an American actor, dancer, and singer. Travolta first became known in the 1970s, after appearing on the television series Welcome Back, Kotter and starring in the box office successes Saturday Night Fever and Grease. Travolta's acting career declined through the 1980s. His career enjoyed a resurgence in the 1990s with his role in Pulp Fiction, and he has since continued starring in more recent films such as Face/Off, Ladder 49, and Wild Hogs. Travolta was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for Saturday Night Fever and Pulp Fiction. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in Get Shorty.
/m/05jxkf	A public university is a university that is predominantly funded by public means through a national or subnational government, as opposed to private universities. Whether a national university is considered public varies from one country to another, largely depending on the specific education landscape. In some parts of the world, public universities usually enjoy higher reputation domestically and they are often among the most influential research institutions in the world. Many of the prominent public universities are ranked among the best in the world by THES - QS World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.
/m/011hdn	Alice Cooper is an American shock rock singer, songwriter, and musician whose career spans five decades. With a stage show that features guillotines, electric chairs, fake blood, boa constrictors, and baby dolls, he is considered by fans and peers alike to be \"The Godfather of Shock Rock\"; Cooper has drawn equally from horror movies, vaudeville, and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and macabre brand of rock designed to shock.\nOriginating in Phoenix in the late 1960s after Furnier moved from Detroit, Alice Cooper was originally a band consisting of Furnier on vocals and harmonica, lead guitarist Glen Buxton, Michael Bruce on rhythm guitar, Dennis Dunaway on bass guitar, and drummer Neal Smith. The original Alice Cooper band broke into the international music mainstream with the 1971 hit \"I'm Eighteen\" from the album Love It to Death, which was followed by the even bigger single \"School's Out\" in 1972. The band reached their commercial peak with the 1973 album Billion Dollar Babies.\nFurnier adopted the band's name as his own name in the 1970s and began a solo career with the 1975 concept album Welcome to My Nightmare. In 2011 he released Welcome 2 My Nightmare, his 19th album as a solo artist, and his 26th album in total. Expanding from his Detroit rock roots, in his career Cooper has experimented with a number of musical styles, including conceptual rock, art rock, hard rock, heavy metal, New Wave, pop rock, experimental rock and industrial rock.
/m/0bcp9b	Sophie's Choice is a 1982 American drama film directed by Alan J. Pakula, who adapted the novel of the same name by William Styron. Meryl Streep stars as Sophie, a Polish immigrant who shares a boarding house in Brooklyn with her tempestuous lover and a young writer.\nStreep's performance was very favorably received, and it won her the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film was nominated for Best Cinematography, Costume Design, Best Music, and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium.\nBritish company ITC Entertainment produced the film, and Lew Grade was influential in bringing the novel to the big screen.
/m/028k57	Eugene Levy, CM is a Canadian actor, comedian, and writer. He is known for his work in Canadian television series, American movies, and television movies. He is the only actor to have appeared in all eight of the American Pie films, as Jim Levenstein's dad Noah. Like his Levenstein character, Levy often plays nerdy, unconventional figures, with his humor often deriving from his excessive explanations with matters and the way in which he deals with sticky situations. Levy was appointed to the Order of Canada on June 30, 2011.
/m/014tss	The Kingdom of Great Britain was a sovereign state in north-west Europe that existed from 1 May 1707 to 31 December 1800. The state came into being with the union of the kingdoms of Scotland and England. With the Treaty of Union of 1706, ratified by the Acts of Union 1707, it was agreed to create a single, united kingdom, encompassing the whole of the island of Great Britain and its minor outlying islands. It did not include Ireland, which remained a separate realm under the newly created British crown. A single parliament and government, based at Westminster, controlled the new kingdom. The former kingdoms had shared the same monarch since James VI, King of Scots, became King of England in 1603 following the death of Queen Elizabeth I, bringing about a \"Union of the Crowns\".\nOn 1 January 1801, the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland merged to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. In 1922 the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom, leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
/m/0cchk3	The University of Southern Mississippi, known informally as Southern Miss, is a public research university located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. It is situated 70 miles north of Gulfport, Mississippi and 105 miles northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. Southern Miss is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award baccalaureate, master's, specialist, and doctoral degrees. The university is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a \"Research University\" with \"High Research Activity\".\nFounded on March 30, 1910, the university is a dual campus institution, with the main campus located in Hattiesburg and the Gulf Park campus located in Long Beach, with five additional teaching and research sites.\nThe university has a particularly extensive study-abroad program through its Center for International Education, and is consistently ranked as one of the top universities in the nation for the number of students studying abroad each year. It is especially noted for its British Studies program, which regularly sends more than 200 students each summer to live and study in the heart of London. The university is also home to a major polymer science research center, and one of the strongest fine arts programs in the southeastern United States.
/m/0391jz	Rachel Anne McAdams is a Canadian actress. After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001, McAdams initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as My Name Is Tanino, Perfect Pie and Slings and Arrows. Her first Hollywood film was the 2002 comedy The Hot Chick. McAdams found fame in 2004, co-starring in the teen comedy Mean Girls and the romantic drama The Notebook. In 2005, she co-starred in the romantic comedy Wedding Crashers, the psychological thriller Red Eye, and the family drama The Family Stone. She was hailed by the media as Hollywood's new \"it girl\" and received a BAFTA nomination for Best Rising Star.\nHowever, McAdams withdrew from the public eye in 2006 and 2007. During this time, she turned down leading roles in high-profile films such as The Devil Wears Prada. She made a low-key return to work in 2008, starring in two limited release films: the film noir Married Life, and the road trip movie The Lucky Ones. She returned to prominence in 2009 and co-starred in the political thriller State of Play, the science-fiction romance The Time Traveler's Wife, and the action-adventure film Sherlock Holmes. McAdams's first star vehicle was the 2010 comedy Morning Glory. In 2011, she co-starred in the romantic comedy Midnight in Paris and reprised her role in the action-adventure sequel Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows. In 2012, she co-starred in the romantic drama The Vow. In 2013, McAdams co-starred in the romantic drama To the Wonder, the erotic thriller Passion and the romantic comedy About Time. She has signed on to co-star in Anton Corbijn's A Most Wanted Man, Wim Wenders's Every Thing Will Be Fine and Cameron Crowe's as-yet-untitled Hawaii romantic comedy project.
/m/015_1q	Columbia Records is a premier recording label, under the ownership of Sony Music Entertainment, operating under the Columbia Music Group. It was founded in 1888, evolving from an earlier enterprise, the American Graphophone Company—successor to the Volta Graphophone Company. Columbia is the oldest brand name in recorded sound, being the first record company to produce recorded records as opposed to blank cylinders. Columbia Records went on to release records by an array of notable singers, instrumentalists, and bands. From 1961 to 1990, its recordings were released outside the U.S. and Canada on the CBS Records label before adopting the Columbia name in most of the world.\nIt is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels with the others being Epic Records and RCA Records.\nUntil 1989, Columbia Records had no connection to Columbia Pictures, which used various other names for record labels they owned, including Colpix, Colgems, Bell and later Arista; rather, it was connected to CBS, which stood for Columbia Broadcasting System, a broadcasting media company which purchased Columbia Records in the late 1930s, and which had been co-founded in 1927 by Columbia Records itself. Though Arista was sold to BMG, it would later become a sister label to Columbia Records through Sony Music; both are connected to Columbia Pictures through Sony Corporation of America, worldwide parent of both the music and motion picture arms of Sony.
/m/01qbl	Cymbals are a common percussion instrument. Cymbals consist of thin, normally round plates of various alloys; see cymbal making for a discussion of their manufacture. The majority of cymbals are of indefinite pitch, although small disc-shaped cymbals based on ancient designs sound a definite note. Cymbals are used in many ensembles ranging from the orchestra, percussion ensembles, jazz bands, heavy metal bands, and marching groups. Drum kits usually incorporate at least a crash, ride or crash/ride, and a pair of hi-hat cymbals.
/m/0c53vt	The 27th Academy Awards honored the best films produced in 1954. The Best Picture winner, On the Waterfront, was produced by Sam Spiegel and directed by Elia Kazan. It had twelve nominations and eight wins, matching two other films, Gone with the Wind and From Here to Eternity, even though those two each had thirteen nominations.\nThe low-budget, black and white On the Waterfront was filmed entirely on location in Hoboken and told the gritty story of New York dock workers, brutality, corruption, and embroilment with a gangster union boss. It provided an expose of union racketeering while showcasing the murder of an innocent longshoreman. Kazan and screenwriter Budd Schulberg justified their own naming of names as friendly witnesses before the House Un-American Activities Committee in the early 1950s with the film's story of heroic longshoreman informant Terry Malloy who stood alone and turned witness against the corrupt and intimidating union bosses and became a marked 'pigeon'.\nA \"rematch\" occurred in the category of Best Actor, where Marlon Brando and Humphrey Bogart were competing again for the first time since Bogart beat him three years earlier. In a surprise win, Brando received his first Oscar for his performance in On the Waterfront, which is now seen as one of the most justified upsets in Oscar history.
/m/01j4ls	Christopher Joseph \"Chris\" Isaak is an American rock musician and occasional actor.
/m/0lrh	Irwin Allen Ginsberg was an American poet and one of the leading figures of both the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the counterculture that soon would follow. He vigorously opposed militarism, economic materialism and sexual repression. Ginsberg is best known for his epic poem \"Howl\", in which he denounced what he saw as the destructive forces of capitalism and conformity in the United States.\nIn 1957, \"Howl\" attracted widespread publicity when it became the subject of an obscenity trial, as it depicted heterosexual and homosexual sex at a time when sodomy laws made homosexual acts a crime in every U.S. state. \"Howl\" reflected Ginsberg's own homosexuality and his relationships with a number of men, including Peter Orlovsky, his lifelong partner. Judge Clayton W. Horn ruled that \"Howl\" was not obscene, adding, \"Would there be any freedom of press or speech if one must reduce his vocabulary to vapid innocuous euphemisms?\"\nGinsberg was a practicing Buddhist who studied Eastern religious disciplines extensively. He lived modestly, buying his clothing in second-hand stores and residing in downscale apartments in New York’s East Village. One of his most influential teachers was the Tibetan Buddhist, the Venerable Chögyam Trungpa, founder of the Naropa Institute, now Naropa University at Boulder, Colorado. At Trungpa's urging, Ginsberg and poet Anne Waldman started The Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics there in 1974.
/m/03rwng	Jean E. Smart is an American film, television, and stage actress. She is known for her comedic roles, one of the best known being her role as Charlene Frazier Stillfield on the CBS sitcom Designing Women. She later gained critical acclaim for dramatic work, with her portrayal of Martha Logan on 24. Smart recently appeared as Regina Newly on the ABC sitcom Samantha Who? from 2007 to 2009, which garnered the actress an Emmy Award in 2008. She played Governor Pat Jameson during the first season of the CBS-TV remake of Hawaii Five-0.
/m/0brkwj	Drew Goddard is an American film and television screenwriter, director, and producer. He made his feature film directorial debut with the 2012 dark comedy horror-thriller, The Cabin in the Woods.
/m/01kx_81	Sir Michael Philip \"Mick\" Jagger is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor, best known as the lead vocalist and a co-founder of the Rolling Stones.\nJagger's career has spanned over 50 years, and he has been described as \"one of the most popular and influential frontmen in the history of rock & roll\". His distinctive voice and performance, along with Keith Richards' guitar style, have been the trademark of the Rolling Stones throughout the career of the band. Jagger gained much press notoriety for admitted drug use and romantic involvements, and was often portrayed as a countercultural figure. In the late 1960s Jagger began acting in films, to mixed reception. In 1985, Jagger released his first solo album, She's the Boss. In early 2009, he joined the electric supergroup SuperHeavy.\nIn 1989 Jagger was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with the Rolling Stones. In 2003 he was knighted for his services to music.
/m/0pd64	The French Connection is a 1971 American dramatic thriller film directed by William Friedkin and produced by Philip D'Antoni. It starred Gene Hackman, Fernando Rey and Roy Scheider. The film was adapted and fictionalized by Ernest Tidyman from the non-fiction book by Robin Moore. It tells the story of New York Police Department detectives named \"Popeye\" Doyle and Buddy \"Cloudy\" Russo, whose real-life counterparts were Narcotics Detectives Eddie Egan and Sonny Grosso. Egan and Grosso also appear in the film, as characters other than themselves. The music score was by Don Ellis.\nIt was the first R-rated movie to win the Academy Award for Best Picture since the introduction of the MPAA film rating system. It also won Academy Awards for Best Actor, Best Director, Best Film Editing, and Best Adapted Screenplay. It was nominated for Best Supporting Actor, Best Cinematography and Best Sound Mixing. Tidyman also received a Golden Globe Award, a Writers Guild of America Award and an Edgar Award for his screenplay. It has since been labeled as one of the greatest American films by the American Film Institute.\nIn 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/0285c	David Eric \"Dave\" Grohl is an American rock musician, multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter, and film director, who is the lead vocalist, guitarist, main songwriter and founder of the band Foo Fighters. Prior to Foo Fighters, Grohl was the drummer for the grunge band Nirvana.\nHe is also the drummer and co-founder of the rock supergroup Them Crooked Vultures. Grohl has additionally written all the music and performed all the instruments for his short-lived side projects Late! and Probot, as well as being involved with Queens of the Stone Age numerous times throughout the past decade.\nHe has performed session work for a variety of musicians, including Garbage, Killing Joke, Nine Inch Nails, David Bowie, Paul McCartney, The Prodigy, Slash, Iggy Pop, Juliette Lewis, Tenacious D, RDGLDGRN, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Lemmy, Stevie Nicks, Zac Brown Band and Ghost.
/m/03459x	Anaconda is a 1997 adventure-horror film, directed by Luis Llosa, starring Jennifer Lopez, Ice Cube, Jon Voight, Eric Stoltz, Owen Wilson, Kari Wuhrer and Jonathan Hyde. It centers on a film crew for National Geographic who are kidnapped by a hunter who is going after the world's largest giant anaconda, which is discovered in the Amazon Rainforest. Despite receiving mostly negative reviews from critics, the film was a box office hit, and was followed by three sequels.
/m/03mqtr	A political drama can describe a play, film or TV program that has a political component, whether reflecting the author's political opinion, or describing a politician or series of political events. Dramatists who have written political dramas include Aaron Sorkin, Robert Penn Warren, Sergei Eisenstein, Bertolt Brecht, Jean-Paul Sartre, Caryl Churchill, and Federico García Lorca. Television series that can be classified as political drama include Yes Minister, its sequel Yes, Prime Minister, The West Wing, Borgen, Boss, Jack and Bobby, The Bold Ones: The Senator, and Commander in Chief. There have been notables films that have been labeled as political dramas such as Thirteen Days. A famous literary political drama which later made the transition to film was Robert Penn Warren's All the King's Men.\nThe reimagined Battlestar Galactica was very much a political drama due to the way the show dealt with political issues and government very closely resembling that of other political dramas such as The West Wing or Yes Minister but, due to the genre it's based in the show also dealt with political and social issues that can arise from the show's science fiction background as well as common issues arising in normal political dramas that are based on our world in our modern day or the history of our world.
/m/0jz9f	Miramax is an American entertainment company known for distributing independent and foreign films. Founded in 1979 by Bob and Harvey Weinstein and headquartered in New York City and Cambridge, Massachusetts, Miramax was a leading independent film motion picture distribution and production company before it was acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 1993. The Weinsteins operated Miramax with more creative and financial independence than any other division of Disney, until 2005 when they decided to leave the company and founded The Weinstein Company. Miramax was sold by Disney to Filmyard Holdings, a joint venture of Colony Capital, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, and Qatar Investment Authority in 2010, ending Disney's 17-year involvement with the studio.
/m/026b7bz	Sheri Anderson is an American television writer and producer who is the author of the fiction novel series, Salem's Secrets, Scandals and Lies, based on the television series Days of our Lives that was released in conjunction with their 45th Anniversary. She previously worked primarily on serials and in international film and television development. She is widely credited for co-creating some of the most memorable storylines and Supercouples on American daytime television including Luke and Laura, Bo and Hope, John and Marlena, Patch and Kayla, Tony and Anna DiMera and Shane and Kimberly.\nAnderson was also Creative Consultant on The Spot, the first original content site on the internet. She is also a partner in CohenThomas Management/Hot Rock Media, representing leading actors in film and television. She is married to Paca Thomas, owner of Pacaworks a multi-media production company. The five time Emmy Award winner is the co-creator and former partner of Vidlit.com and is Bernie Taupin's sidekick/producer on Bernie Taupin's American Roots Radio heard on SiriusXM's The Loft.
/m/0k611	The Academy Award for Film Editing is one of the annual awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Academy Award for Best Picture. Since 1981, every film selected as Best Picture has also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar, and about two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing. Only the principal, \"above the line\" editor as listed in the film's credits are named on the award; additional editors, supervising editors, etc. are not generally eligible. The nominations for this Academy Award are determined by a ballot of the members of the Editing Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences; there were 233 members of the Editing Branch in 2008. The members may vote for up to five of the eligible films in the order of their preference; the five films with the largest vote totals are selected as nominees. The Academy Award itself is selected from the nominated films by a subsequent ballot of all active and life members of the Academy. This process is essentially the reverse of that of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts; nominations for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing are done by a general ballot of Academy voters, and the winner is selected by members of the editing chapter.
/m/05fjf	New Jersey is a state in the Northeastern and Middle Atlantic regions of the United States. It is bordered on the north and east by New York State, on the southeast and south by the Atlantic Ocean, on the west by Pennsylvania, and on the southwest by Delaware. New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state, but the 11th-most populous and the most densely populated of the 50 United States. New Jersey lies entirely within the sprawling combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia. It is also the second-wealthiest U.S. state by median household income, according to the 2008–2012 American Community Survey.\nThe area was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 years, with historical tribes such as the Lenape along the coast. In the early 17th century, the Dutch and the Swedes made the first European settlements. The English later seized control of the region, naming it the Province of New Jersey. It was granted as a colony to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton. At this time, it was named after the largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey, Carteret's birthplace. New Jersey was the site of several decisive battles during the American Revolutionary War.
/m/01kwld	Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke Monaghan is a German-born English actor. He has received international attention from playing Meriadoc Brandybuck in Peter Jackson's adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and for his role as Charlie Pace on the television show Lost. In 2009 he played Chris Bradley / Bolt in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
/m/0gghm	Dobro is a registered trademark now owned by Gibson Guitar Corporation and used for a particular design of resonator guitar.\nThe name has a long and involved history that is interwoven with that of the resonator guitar. Originally coined by the Dopyera brothers when they formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company, in time it came to commonly mean a resonator guitar, or specifically one with a single inverted resonator. This particular design was introduced by the Dopyeras' new company, in competition to the already patented Tricone and biscuit designs owned and produced by the National String Instrument Corporation.\nThe Dobro brand later also appeared on other instruments, notably electric lap-steel guitars and solid-body electric guitars and on other resonator instruments such as Safari resonator mandolins.\nWhen Gibson acquired the trademark in 1994, the company announced that it would defend its right to Dobro's exclusive use.
/m/0_816	Bugsy is a 1991 American crime-drama film directed by Barry Levinson which tells the story of mobster Bugsy Siegel. It stars Warren Beatty, Annette Bening, Harvey Keitel, Ben Kingsley, Elliott Gould, Joe Mantegna, Bebe Neuwirth, and Bill Graham.\nThe screenplay was written by James Toback from research material by Dean Jennings' 1967 book We Only Kill Each Other.\nThere is a Director's Cut released on DVD, containing an additional 13 minutes not seen in the theatrical version.
/m/02cg7g	The One Hundred First United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1989 to January 3, 1991, during the first two years of the administration of U.S. President George H. W. Bush.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Twentieth Census of the United States in 1980. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/0jrtv	Orange County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2010, the county has a population of 1,145,956. The county seat is Orlando.\nOrange County is included in the Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/06lgq8	Ryan Kwanten is an Australian actor. He played Vinnie Patterson from 1997 to 2002 on the Australian soap-opera Home and Away. After his stint ended he joined the American teen-oriented drama Summerland portraying Jay Robertson. In 2008, he was cast as Jason Stackhouse in True Blood.
/m/0j6b5	Spirited Away is a 2001 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli. The film stars Rumi Hiiragi, Miyu Irino, Mari Natsuki, Takeshi Naito, Yasuko Sawaguchi, Tsunehiko Kamijō, Takehiko Ono and Bunta Sugawara, and tells the story of Chihiro Ogino, a sullen ten-year-old girl who, while moving to a new neighborhood, enters the spirit world. After her parents are transformed into pigs by the witch Yubaba, Chihiro takes a job working in Yubaba's bathhouse to find a way to free herself and her parents and return to the human world.\nMiyazaki wrote the script after he decided the film would be based on his friend's ten-year-old daughter, who came to visit his house each summer. At the time, Miyazaki was developing two personal projects, but they were rejected. With a budget of US$15 million, production of Spirited Away began in 2000. During production, Miyazaki realized the film would be over three hours long and decided to cut out several parts of the story. Pixar director John Lasseter, a fan of Miyazaki, was approached by Walt Disney Pictures to supervise an English-language translation for the film's North American release. Lasseter hired Kirk Wise as director and Donald W. Ernst as producer of the adaptation. Screenwriters Cindy Davis Hewitt and Donald H. Hewitt wrote the English-language dialogue, which they wrote to match the characters' original Japanese-language lip movements.
/m/02cpb7	Thandiwe Melanie \"Thandie\" Newton is an English actress. She has appeared in a number of British and American films, including The Pursuit of Happyness, Mission: Impossible II, Crash, Run Fatboy Run, W., 2012, Norbit, For Colored Girls and Good Deeds.
/m/01r3hr	A running back is an American and Canadian football position, a member of the offensive backfield. The primary roles of a running back are to receive handoffs from the quarterback for a rushing play, to catch passes from out of the backfield, and to block. There are usually one or two running backs on the field for a given play, depending on the offensive formation. A running back may be a halfback or a fullback.
/m/054g1r	Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is an American motion picture distribution division owned by The Walt Disney Company.\nEstablished in 1953 as Buena Vista Distribution Company, the unit handles distribution and marketing for films produced by the Walt Disney Studios; including Walt Disney Pictures, Touchstone Pictures, Disneynature and, since 2012 and 2015, Marvel Studios—which is a part of Disney's subsidiary, Marvel Entertainment—and Lucasfilm.\nThe division took on its current name in 2007, which before that had been Buena Vista Pictures Distribution since 1987.
/m/0b6k___	The Filmfare Best Director Award is one of the main awards presented given by the annual Filmfare Awards to recognise directors working in the Hindi film Industry. It was first presented in 1954 in the inaugural year.
/m/067ghz	Alien is a 1979 British-American science-fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott, and starring Tom Skerritt, Sigourney Weaver, Veronica Cartwright, Harry Dean Stanton, John Hurt, Ian Holm and Yaphet Kotto. The film's title refers to a highly aggressive extraterrestrial creature that stalks and kills the crew of a spaceship. Dan O'Bannon wrote the screenplay from a story he wrote with Ronald Shusett, drawing influence from previous works of science fiction and horror. The film was produced through Brandywine Productions and distributed by 20th Century Fox, with producers David Giler and Walter Hill making significant revisions and additions to the script. The eponymous Alien and its accompanying elements were designed by Swiss surrealist artist H. R. Giger, while concept artists Ron Cobb and Chris Foss designed the human aspects of the film.\nAlien received both critical acclaim and box office success, receiving an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, Saturn Awards for Best Science Fiction Film, Best Direction for Scott, and Best Supporting Actress for Cartwright, and a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, along with numerous other award nominations. It has remained highly praised in subsequent decades, being inducted into the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 2002 for historical preservation as a film which is \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". In 2008, it was ranked as the seventh-best film in the science fiction genre by the American Film Institute, and as the 33rd greatest movie of all time by Empire magazine.
/m/03_gx	Judaism is the religion, philosophy and way of life of the Jewish people. Judaism is a monotheistic religion, with its foundational text, the Torah, and supplemental oral tradition represented by later texts such as the Mishnah and the Talmud. Judaism is considered by religious Jews to be the expression of the covenantal relationship God established with the Children of Israel.\nJudaism includes a wide corpus of texts, practices, theological positions, and forms of organization. Within Judaism there are a variety of movements, most of which emerged from Rabbinic Judaism, which holds that God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah. Historically, this assertion was challenged by various groups such as the Sadducees and Hellenistic Judaism during the Second Temple period; the Karaites and Sabbateans during the early and later medieval period; and among segments of the modern reform movements. Liberal movements in modern times such as Humanistic Judaism may be nontheistic. Today, the largest Jewish religious movements are Orthodox Judaism, Conservative Judaism and Reform Judaism. Major sources of difference between these groups are their approaches to Jewish law, the authority of the Rabbinic tradition, and the significance of the State of Israel. Orthodox Judaism maintains that the Torah and Jewish law are divine in origin, eternal and unalterable, and that they should be strictly followed. Conservative and Reform Judaism are more liberal, with Conservative Judaism generally promoting a more \"traditional\" interpretation of Judaism's requirements than Reform Judaism. A typical Reform position is that Jewish law should be viewed as a set of general guidelines rather than as a set of restrictions and obligations whose observance is required of all Jews. Historically, special courts enforced Jewish law; today, these courts still exist but the practice of Judaism is mostly voluntary. Authority on theological and legal matters is not vested in any one person or organization, but in the sacred texts and rabbis and scholars who interpret them.
/m/036hnm	The Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas, The Catholic University of the Philippines is a private, Roman Catholic, teaching and research university run by the Order of Preachers in Manila. Founded on 28 April 1611 by archbishop of Manila Miguel de Benavides, it has the oldest extant university charter in the Philippines and in Asia and is one of the world's largest Catholic universities in terms of enrollment found on one campus. UST is also the largest university in the city of Manila. As the only Pontifical University in Asia, UST is the only university to have been visited by two popes three times: once by Pope Paul VI on Nov. 28, 1970, and twice by Pope John Paul II on Feb. 18, 1981 and January 13, 1995.\nThe University is composed of several autonomous faculties, colleges, schools and institutes, each conferring undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate degrees, and the basic education units. Several degrees have been accredited by the Commission on Higher Education as Centers of Excellence and Centers of Development. In August 2012, it was awarded Institutional Accreditation by the Federation of Accrediting Agencies of the Philippines.
/m/01xqw	The cello is a bowed string instrument with four strings tuned in perfect fifths. It is a member of the violin family of musical instruments, which also includes the violin, viola and double bass.\nThe cello is used as a solo instrument, as well as in chamber music ensembles, string orchestras, and as a member of the string section of symphony orchestras. It is the second-largest bowed string instrument in the modern symphony orchestra, the double bass being the largest.\nCellos were derived from other mid- to large-sized bowed instruments in the 16th century, such as the viola da gamba, and the generally smaller and squarer viola da braccio, and such instruments made by members of the Amati family of luthiers. The invention of wire-wrapped strings in Bologna gave the cello greater versatility. By the 18th century, the cello had largely replaced other mid-sized bowed instruments.\nA person who plays the cello is called a cellist.
/m/02x73k6	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor is an annual film award given by the National Society of Film Critics.\nThe awards was given for the first time in 1968.
/m/026lg0s	The North Carolina Tar Heels football team represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the sport of American football. The Tar Heels compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Being the oldest public university and oldest collegiate team in the Carolinas, the school is nicknamed \"Carolina\" in athletics. The program's title in football is \"Carolina Football\".\nIn Carolina's first 121 seasons of football competition, the Tar Heels have compiled a record of 646–488–54, a winning percentage of .566. North Carolina has played in 29 bowl games in its history and won three Southern Conference championships and five Atlantic Coast Conference titles. Thirty Tar Heel players have been honored as first-team All-Americas on 38 occasions. Carolina had 32 All-Southern Conference selections when it played in that league until 1952 and since joining the ACC in 1953, has had 174 first-team All-ACC choices. Since joining the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1953, the team has won five conference championships, with the most recent title coming in 1980.\nOne very important contribution to the game of football by Carolina is the modern use of the forward pass; they were the first college team to use the play in 1895. Bob Quincy notes in his 1973 book They Made the Bell Tower Chime: \"John Heisman, a noted historian, wrote 30 years later that, indeed, the Tar Heels had given birth to the forward pass against the Bulldogs. It was conceived to break a scoreless deadlock and give UNC a 6–0 win. The Carolinians were in a punting situation and a Georgia rush seemed destined to block the ball. The punter, with an impromptu dash to his right, tossed the ball and it was caught by George Stephens, who ran 70 yards for a touchdown.”
/m/09g7vfw	Dark Shadows is a 2012 American horror comedy film based on the gothic soap opera of the same name that was produced for television between 1966 and 1971. The film is directed by Tim Burton and stars Johnny Depp as Barnabas Collins, a 200-year-old vampire who has been imprisoned in a coffin. Collins is eventually unearthed and makes his way back to his mansion, now inhabited by his dysfunctional descendants. Collins also discovers that his jealous ex-lover, Angelique Bouchard, played by Eva Green, has taken over the town's fishing business that was once run by the Collins family. Michelle Pfeiffer also stars as Collins' cousin, Elizabeth Collins Stoddard, the reclusive matriarch of the Collins family. The film had a limited release on May 10, 2012, and was officially released the following day in the United States.\nThe film was a box office disappointment and received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics, many of whom praised its visual style and consistent humor, but felt it lacked a focused or substantial plot and developed characters. The film marks Richard D. Zanuck's last as producer, as he died two months after the film's release. It also featured the final film appearance of original series actor Jonathan Frid, who died before Zanuck on April 14. He shared a cameo in the movie with former series co-stars Kathryn Leigh Scott, David Selby, and Lara Parker, as well as with rock musician Alice Cooper.
/m/0bh8yn3	Green Lantern is a 2011 action fantasy film written by Greg Berlanti, Michael Green and Marc Guggenheim and directed by Martin Campbell.
/m/049_zz	Matthew Todd \"Matt\" Lauer is an American television journalist best known as the host of NBC's The Today Show since 1996. He is also a contributor for NBC's Dateline NBC. He was previously a news anchor for The Today Show and for WNBC in New York City and a local talk-show host in Boston, Philadelphia, Providence and Richmond. He was also host of PM Magazine and worked for ESPN in the 1980s as a sideline reporter. In the early 1990s, Lauer hosted segments of HBO Entertainment News.
/m/02z1yj	Ellen Rona Barkin is an American actress, known for her roles in the films The Big Easy, Sea of Love and Switch. She won an Emmy Award in 1997, for Before Women Had Wings and a Tony Award in 2011, for The Normal Heart.
/m/02lk1s	Robert Smigel is an American actor, humorist, comedian and writer known for his Saturday Night Live \"TV Funhouse\" cartoon shorts and as the puppeteer and voice behind Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog.
/m/0m2dk	Yavapai County is located near the center of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population 211,073. The county seat is Prescott.
/m/018fq	Michael Bruce Sterling is an American science fiction author who is best known for his novels and his work on the Mirrorshades anthology. This work helped to define the cyberpunk genre.
/m/0688f	Punjabi is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by 130 million native speakers worldwide, making it the 9th most widely spoken language in the world. It is the native language of the Punjabi people who inhabit the historical Punjab region of Pakistan and India. It is the only tonal language among the Indo-Aryan languages.\nPunjabi is the most widely spoken language in Pakistan and the 11th most widely spoken in India and the 3rd-most natively spoken language in Indian Subcontinent. Punjabi is the fourth most spoken language in England and Wales and third most spoken in Canada. The language also has a significant presence in the United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Saudi Arabia, and Australia. The influence of Punjabi as a cultural language in the Indian Subcontinent is increasing day by day due to Bollywood. Most Bollywood movies now have Punjabi vocabulary mixed in, along with a few songs fully sung in Punjabi. At any point in time, Punjabi songs in Bollywood movies now account for more than 50% of the top of the charts listings. This is to make the music more appealing for cross border viewers in neighboring Pakistan.
/m/03wnh	The Indianapolis Colts are an American football team based in Indianapolis, Indiana; they play their games in Lucas Oil Stadium. The team is a member of the South Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League.\nThe Colts were members of the National Football League from their founding and were one of three teams to switch to the AFC following the 1970 merger. While in Baltimore the team advanced to the postseason ten times and won three NFL Championship games in 1958, 1959 and 1968. The Colts had two Super Bowl appearances while in Baltimore, losing to the New York Jets in Super Bowl III, while defeating the Dallas Cowboys in Super Bowl V. The Colts moved to Indianapolis in 1984 and have since appeared in the playoffs fourteen times, with two conference championships. The Colts have had two Super Bowl appearances while in Indianapolis and one Super Bowl championship coming against the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI.
/m/0b7t3p	Carol Leifer is an American comedian, writer, producer and actress whose career as a stand-up comedian started in the 1970s when she was in college. David Letterman discovered her performing in a comedy club in the 1980s and she has since been a guest on Late Night with David Letterman over twenty-five times as well as numerous other shows and venues. She has written many television scripts including for The Larry Sanders Show, Saturday Night Live, and most notably, Seinfeld.\nLeifer's \"inner monologue\" observational style is often autobiographical encompassing subjects about her Jewish ancestry and upbringing, coming out, same-sex marriage, relationships and parenting.\nLeifer has become vegan, saying \"I recently became vegan because I felt that as a Jewish lesbian, I wasn’t part of a small enough minority. So now I’m a Jewish lesbian vegan.\"
/m/03q4nz	World cinema is a term used primarily in English language speaking countries to refer to the films and film industries of non-English speaking countries. It is therefore often used interchangeably with the term foreign film. However, both world cinema and foreign film could be taken to refer to the films of all countries other than one's own, regardless of native language.
/m/0783m_	Matthew James \"Matt\" Morrison is an American actor, dancer, musician, and singer-songwriter. He is known for starring in multiple Broadway and Off-Broadway productions, including his portrayal of Link Larkin in Hairspray on Broadway, and most notably for his Emmy and Golden Globe nominated role as Will Schuester on the Fox television show Glee. He has also received a Satellite Award for this role. He has signed with Adam Levine's 222 Records. Morrison received a Tony Award nomination for his featured role as Fabrizio Nacarelli in the musical The Light in the Piazza.
/m/0bjqh	The School of the Art Institute of Chicago is one of America's largest accredited independent schools of art and design, located in the Loop in Chicago, Illinois. It is associated with the museum of the same name, and \"The Art Institute of Chicago\" or \"Chicago Art Institute\" often refers to either entity. Providing degrees at the undergraduate and graduate levels, SAIC has been recognized by U.S. News & World Report as one of the top two graduate art programs in the nation, as well as by Columbia University's National Arts Journalism survey as the most influential art school in the United States.\nSAIC has been accredited since 1936 by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, by the National Association of Schools of Art and Design since 1944, and by the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design since its founding in 1991. Additionally it is accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board.\nIts downtown Chicago campus consists of seven buildings located in the immediate vicinity of the AIC building. SAIC is in an equal partnership with the AIC and share many administrative resources such as design, construction, and human resources.
/m/084qpk	Grindhouse is a 2007 action-horror/exploitation double feature co-written, produced, and directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino. The double feature consists of two feature-length segments, Rodriguez's Planet Terror and Tarantino's Death Proof, and is bookended by fictional trailers for upcoming attractions, advertisements, and in-theater announcements. The film's title derives from the U.S. film industry term \"grindhouse\", which refers to movie theaters specializing in B movies, often exploitation films, shown in a multiple-feature format. The film stars Rose McGowan, Freddy Rodriguez, Marley Shelton, Michael Biehn, Jeff Fahey, Josh Brolin, Naveen Andrews, Fergie, Bruce Willis, Kurt Russell, Rosario Dawson, Tracie Thoms, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and stuntwoman Zoë Bell.\nRodriguez's segment, Planet Terror, revolves around an outfit of rebels attempting to survive an onslaught of zombie-like creatures as they feud with a rogue military unit, while Tarantino's segment, Death Proof, focuses on a misogynistic, psychopathic stuntman who targets young women, murdering them with his \"death proof\" stunt car. Each feature is preceded by faux trailers of exploitation films in other genres that were developed by other directors.
/m/06v9_x	National Security is a 2003 action comedy film, directed by Dennis Dugan, starring Martin Lawrence and Steve Zahn. In addition to Lawrence and Zahn, National Security boasts an additional cast of Bill Duke, Eric Roberts, Colm Feore, Matt McCoy, and others.\nThe film was released in January 2003 and went on to gross over $50 million worldwide at the box office. The film was shot at various locations in Greater Los Angeles, including Long Beach and Santa Clarita.
/m/0499lc	John Patrick Shanley is a Pulitzer Prize winning American playwright, an Oscar winning screenwriter, and a theatre and film director.
/m/03qd_	Harry Julius Shearer is an American actor, comedian, writer, voice artist, musician, author, radio host and director. He is known for his long-running roles on The Simpsons, his work on Saturday Night Live, the comedy band Spinal Tap and his radio program Le Show. Born in Los Angeles, California, Shearer began his career as a child actor, appearing in The Jack Benny Program, as well as the 1953 films Abbott and Costello Go to Mars and The Robe. In 1957, Shearer played the precursor to the Eddie Haskell character in the pilot episode for the television series Leave It to Beaver, but his parents decided not to let him continue in the role so that he could have a normal childhood.\nFrom 1969 to 1976, Shearer was a member of The Credibility Gap, a radio comedy group. Following the breakup of the group, Shearer co-wrote the film Real Life with Albert Brooks and started writing for Martin Mull's television series Fernwood 2 Night. In August 1979, Shearer was hired as a writer and cast member on Saturday Night Live. Shearer describes his experience on the show as a \"living hell\" and he did not get along well with the other writers and cast members. He left the show in 1980. Shearer co-created, co-wrote and co-starred in the 1984 film This Is Spinal Tap, a satirical rockumentary about a band called Spinal Tap. Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls, the bassist, and Michael McKean and Christopher Guest played the other two members. The film became a cult hit and the band has since released several albums and played several concerts. While promoting the film, Shearer was offered the chance to return to Saturday Night Live. He accepted, but left the show for good in January 1985, just three months into the season. Since 1983, Shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy/music program Le Show on Santa Monica's NPR-affiliated radio station, KCRW. The program, a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary, music, and sketch comedy, is carried on many public radio stations throughout the United States.
/m/02z3r8t	New York, I Love You is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama anthology consisting of eleven short films, each by a different director. The short films all relate in some way to the subject of love, and are set among the five boroughs of New York City. The film is a sequel of sorts to the 2006 film Paris, je t'aime, which had the same structure, and is the second film in the Cities of Love franchise, created and produced by Emmanuel Benbihy. Unlike Paris, je t'aime, the short films of New York, I Love You all have a unifying thread, of a videographer who films the other characters.\nThe film stars an ensemble cast, among them Bradley Cooper, Shia LaBeouf, Natalie Portman, Anton Yelchin, Hayden Christensen, Orlando Bloom, Irrfan Khan, Rachel Bilson, Chris Cooper, Andy García, Christina Ricci, John Hurt, Cloris Leachman, Robin Wright Penn, Julie Christie, Maggie Q, Ethan Hawke, James Caan, Shu Qi, and Eli Wallach.\nNew York, I Love You premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2008, and was released in the United States on October 16, 2009.
/m/02fqwt	The Central Time Zone is a time zone in parts of Canada, the United States, Mexico, Central America, some Caribbean Islands, and part of the Eastern Pacific Ocean. Time in the zone is six hours behind Coordinated Universal Time. During daylight saving time, time in the zone is five hours behind GMT. It is also commonly referred to as Central Standard Time CST or Chicago Standard Time. Any of these names are appropriate.
/m/01w806h	Brian Joseph Burton, better known by his stage name Danger Mouse, is an American musician, songwriter and producer. He came to prominence in 2004 when he released The Grey Album, which combined vocal performances from Jay-Z's The Black Album with instrumentals from the Beatles' White Album.\nHe formed Gnarls Barkley with Cee Lo Green and produced its albums St. Elsewhere and The Odd Couple. He produced the second Gorillaz album, 2005's Demon Days, as well as Beck's 2008 record Modern Guilt and the album Attack & Release with The Black Keys in 2008. He has been nominated for a Grammy Award in the Producer of the Year category five times, and won the award in 2011. In addition, Burton worked with rapper MF Doom as Danger Doom and released the album The Mouse and the Mask. Danger Mouse most recently produced and co-wrote albums by The Black Keys, Norah Jones, Electric Guest, and Portugal. The Man.\nIn 2006, Danger Mouse gave a rare interview to Charlie Rose on August 31, 2006.\nIn 2009 he collaborated with James Mercer of the indie rock band The Shins to form the band Broken Bells. The group's first album was released on March 9, 2010.
/m/02llzg	Central European Time, used in most parts of the European Union, is a standard time which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. The time offset from UTC can be written as +01:00. The same standard time, UTC+01:00, is also known as Middle European Time and under other names like Romance Standard Time.\nThe 15th meridian east is the central axis for UTC+01:00 in the world system of time zones.\nAs of 2011 all member states of the European Union observe summer time; those that use CET during the winter use Central European Summer Time, UTC+02:00, daylight saving time in summer.
/m/0jk_8	Hebei is a province of the People's Republic of China in the North China region. Its one-character abbreviation is \"冀\", named after Ji Province, a Han Dynasty province that included what is now southern Hebei. The name Hebei means \"north of the river\", referring to its location entirely to the north of the Yellow River.\nHebei was formed in 1928 after the central government dissolved the province of Chih-li, which means \"Directly Ruled\".\nBeijing and Tianjin Municipalities, which border each other, were carved out of Hebei. The province borders Liaoning to the northeast, Inner Mongolia to the north, Shanxi to the west, Henan to the south, and Shandong to the southeast. Bohai Bay of the Yellow Sea is to the east. A small part of Hebei, an exclave disjointed from the rest of the province, is wedged between the municipalities of Beijing and Tianjin.\nA common alternate name for Hebei is Yānzhào, after the state of Yan and state of Zhao that existed here during the Warring States period of early Chinese history.
/m/0hwpz	True Lies is a 1994 American action comedy film co-written and directed by James Cameron, and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis. True Lies is an extended remake of the 1991 French film La Totale!, which was directed by Claude Zidi and starred Thierry Lhermitte and Miou-Miou.\nTrue Lies was the first Lightstorm Entertainment project to be distributed under Cameron's multi-million dollar production deal with 20th Century Fox, as well as the first major production for the visual effects company Digital Domain, which was co-founded by Cameron. True Lies was the only feature film collaboration outside of the Terminator series to feature Cameron, Schwarzenegger, and Brad Fiedel as director, actor, and composer respectively.\nUpon its release, True Lies was one of the most expensive films ever made, costing $100–120 million, and grossed $378 million theatrically worldwide.\nTrue Lies was a big commercial and critical success. For her performance, Curtis won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the Saturn Award for Best Actress, while Cameron won the Saturn Award for Best Director. The film was also nominated at the Academy Awards and the BAFTAs in the Best Visual Effect category, and for seven Saturn Awards overall.
/m/07f_t4	300 is a 2006 American fantasy action film based on the 1998 comic series of the same name by Frank Miller and Lynn Varley. Both are fictionalized retellings of the Battle of Thermopylae within the Persian Wars. The film was directed by Zack Snyder, while Miller served as executive producer and consultant. It was filmed mostly with a super-imposition chroma key technique, to help replicate the imagery of the original comic book.\nThe plot revolves around King Leonidas, who leads 300 Spartans into battle against the Persian \"god-King\" Xerxes and his invading army of more than 300,000 soldiers. As the battle rages, Queen Gorgo attempts to rally support in Sparta for her husband. The story is framed by a voice-over narrative by the Spartan soldier Dilios. Through this narrative technique, various fantastical creatures are introduced, placing 300 within the genre of historical fantasy.\n300 was released in both conventional and IMAX theaters in the United States on March 9, 2007, and on DVD, Blu-ray Disc, and HD DVD on July 31, 2007. The film received mixed to positive reviews, receiving acclaim for its original visuals and style, but criticism for favoring visuals over characterization and its controversial depiction of the ancient Persians in Iran; however, the film was a box office success, grossing over $450 million, with the film's opening being the 24th largest in box office history at the time, and it has since developed a cult following. A sequel, 300: Rise of an Empire, which is based on Miller's unpublished graphic novel prequel Xerxes, will be released in March 2014.
/m/019w9j	Rhythmic gymnastics is an activity in which individuals or teams of 5 manipulate one or two pieces of apparatus: clubs, hoop, ball, ribbon, rope and Free. An individual athlete only manipulates 1 apparatus at a time. When multiple gymnasts are performing a routine together a maximum of two types of apparatus may be distributed through the group. An athlete can exchange apparatus with a team member at any time through the routine. Therefore, an athlete can manipulate up to two different pieces of apparatus through the duration of the routine. Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of ballet, gymnastics, dance, and apparatus manipulation. The victor is the participant who earns the most points, determined by a panel of judges, for leaps, balances, pirouettes, apparatus handling, and execution.\nThe sport is governed by the Federation Internationale de Gymnastique, which designs the Code of Points and regulates all aspects of international elite competition. The largest events in the sport are the Olympic Games, World Championships, European Championships, World Cup and Grand-Prix Series.
/m/04jpl	London is the capital city of England and of the United Kingdom. It is the most populous region, urban zone and metropolitan area in the United Kingdom. Standing on the River Thames, London has been a major settlement for two millennia, its history going back to its founding by the Romans, who named it Londinium. London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its 1.12-square-mile mediaeval boundaries and in 2011 had a resident population of 7,375, making it the smallest city in England. Since at least the 19th century, the term London has also referred to the metropolis developed around this core. The bulk of this conurbation forms the London region and the Greater London administrative area, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.\nLondon is a leading global city, with strengths in the arts, commerce, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media, professional services, research and development, tourism and transport all contributing to its prominence. It is one of the world's leading financial centres and has the fifth- or sixth-largest metropolitan area GDP in the world depending on measurement. London is a world cultural capital. It is the world's most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the world's largest city airport system measured by passenger traffic. London's 43 universities form the largest concentration of higher education in Europe. In 2012, London became the first city to host the modern Summer Olympic Games three times.
/m/028knk	Annette Carol Bening is an American actress. Bening is a four-time Oscar nominee for her roles in The Grifters, American Beauty, Being Julia, and The Kids Are All Right, winning Golden Globe Awards for the latter two films.
/m/0ggbhy7	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 2011 Cold War espionage film directed by Tomas Alfredson. The screenplay was written by Bridget O'Connor and Peter Straughan, based on the 1974 novel of the same name by John le Carré.\nIt stars Gary Oldman as George Smiley, along with Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones, Mark Strong, Benedict Cumberbatch and Ciarán Hinds. Set in London in the early 1970s, the story follows the hunt for a Soviet double agent at the top of the British secret service.\nThe film was produced through the British company Working Title Films and financed by France's StudioCanal. It premiered in competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival. It was a critical and commercial success and was the highest-grossing film at the British box office for three consecutive weeks. At the 84th Academy Awards it received three nominations: the Academy Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Original Score, and for Oldman, Best Actor.\nThe novel had previously been adapted into the award-winning 1979 BBC TV miniseries Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
/m/02l7c8	Romance films are romantic love stories recorded in visual media for broadcast in theaters and on television that focus on passion, emotion, and the affectionate romantic involvement of the main characters and the journey that their genuinely strong, true and pure romantic love takes them through dating, courtship or marriage. Romance films make the romantic love story or the search for strong and pure love and romance the main plot focus. Occasionally, romance lovers face obstacles such as finances, physical illness, various forms of discrimination, psychological restraints or family that threaten to break their union of love. As in all quite strong, deep, and close romantic relationships, tensions of day-to-day life, temptations, and differences in compatibility enter into the plots of romantic films.\nRomantic films often explore the essential themes of love at first sight, young with older love, unrequited romantic love, obsessive love, sentimental love, spiritual love, forbidden love/romance, platonic love, sexual and passionate love, sacrificial love explosive and destructive love, and tragic love. Romantic films serve as great escapes and fantasies for viewers, especially if the two people finally overcome their difficulties, declare their love, and experience life \"happily ever after\", implied by a reunion and final kiss. In romantic television series, the development of such romantic relationships may play out over many episodes, and different characters may become intertwined in different romantic arcs.
/m/07qcbw	Walon Green is an American documentary film director and screenwriter for both TV and films. He was recently the showrunner/executive producer of the ninth season of the USA Network television series, Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
/m/0k5fg	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World is a 1963 American epic comedy film, produced and directed by Stanley Kramer and starring Spencer Tracy with an all-star cast, about the madcap pursuit of $350,000 in stolen cash by a diverse and colorful group of strangers. The ensemble comedy premiered on November 7, 1963. The cast features Edie Adams, Milton Berle, Sid Caesar, Buddy Hackett, Ethel Merman, Mickey Rooney, Phil Silvers, Terry-Thomas and Jonathan Winters.\nThe film marked the first time that Kramer had directed and produced a comedy film; he's best known for directing drama films about social problems. His first attempt at a comedy film paid off immensely well, as It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World became a stunning critical and commercial success in 1963 and went on to win an Academy Award and be nominated for five additional Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards. Despite all of it, the film had gone through severe edits from its studio, United Artists, for a shorter running time for its general release, against Kramer's wishes. The lost footage had been severely deteriorated and damaged throughout the decades and it was once thought that it was too destroyed to be rescued or it was lost forever.
/m/02klny	The University of Toledo, commonly referred to as Toledo or UT, is a public research university located in Toledo, Ohio, United States. The university also operates a 450-acre Health Science campus, also known as the University of Toledo Medical Center, in the West Toledo neighborhood of Toledo; a 160-acre satellite campus in the Scott Park neighborhood of Toledo; the Center for the Visual Arts is located in downtown Toledo at the Toledo Museum of Art; and a research and education facility, known as the The Lake Erie Center, is at the Maumee Bay State Park.\nThe university was founded in 1872 in downtown Toledo as the Toledo University of Arts and Trades. The first would eventually be turned over to the city of Toledo and reopened in 1884 as the Toledo Manual Training School and developed from a vocational school into a university through the late 1800s. The university moved to its current location in the Ottawa neighborhood in 1931. Since its establishment, the university has physically expanded to include more than 100 major buildings with a combined area of more 1,400 acres and transformed its academic program from a vocational and secondary education into a comprehensive research university, known for its curriculum in the science, engineering, and medical fields. Toledo has over 100,000 living alumni and has a current enrollment of over 20,000 students. The university has a vibrant campus life, with over 300 student organizations. Its athletic teams, called the Rockets, are members of the Mid-American Conference.
/m/017z88	The Juilliard School located in the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York City, is a performing arts conservatory established in 1905. It is identified informally as Juilliard and trains about 850 undergraduate and graduate students in dance, drama, and music. It is widely regarded as one of the world's leading music schools, with some of the most prestigious arts programs.
/m/02qwg	Eric Patrick Clapton, CBE, is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He is the only three-time inductee to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: once as a solo artist and separately as a member of the Yardbirds and Cream. Clapton has been referred to as one of the most important and influential guitarists of all time. Clapton ranked second in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" and fourth in Gibson's \"Top 50 Guitarists of All Time\".\nIn the mid-1960s, Clapton left the Yardbirds to play blues with John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers. Immediately after leaving Mayall, Clapton joined Cream, a power trio with drummer Ginger Baker and bassist Jack Bruce in which Clapton played sustained blues improvisations and \"arty, blues-based psychedelic pop.\" For most of the 1970s, Clapton's output bore the influence of the mellow style of JJ Cale and the reggae of Bob Marley. His version of Marley's \"I Shot the Sheriff\" helped reggae reach a mass market. Two of his most popular recordings were \"Layla\", recorded by Derek and the Dominos, another band he formed, and Robert Johnson's \"Crossroads\", recorded by Cream. Following the death of his son Conor in 1991, Clapton's grief was expressed in the song \"Tears in Heaven\", which featured in his Unplugged album.
/m/0bx8pn	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is a coeducational public research university located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. North Carolina has been consistently ranked among the highest ranked universities in the United States and is one of the original eight Public Ivy schools that provide an Ivy League experience for a public schooling price. After being chartered in 1789, the university first began enrolling students in 1795, which allows it to be one of three schools to claim the title of the oldest public university in the United States.\nThe first public institution of higher education in North Carolina, the school opened its doors to students on February 12, 1795. The university offers degrees in over 70 courses of study through fourteen colleges and the College of Arts and Sciences. All undergraduates receive a liberal arts education and have the option to pursue a major within the professional schools of the university or within the College of Arts and Sciences from the time they obtain junior status. Under the leadership of President Kemp Plummer Battle, in 1877 North Carolina became coeducational and began the process of desegregation in 1951 when African-American graduate students were admitted under Chancellor Robert Burton House. In 1952, North Carolina opened its own hospital, UNC Health Care, for research and treatment, and has since specialized in cancer care. The school's students, alumni, and sports teams are known as \"Tar Heels\".²
/m/0b25vg	Amy Lou Adams is an Italian-born American actress and singer. She has been nominated for five Academy Awards, five Golden Globes, six Screen Actors Guild Awards, four BAFTA Awards, and nine BFCA Awards.\nAdams was born to American parents in Vicenza, Italy, and began her performing career on stage in dinner theaters, before making her screen debut in the 1999 black comedy film Drop Dead Gorgeous. After a series of television guest appearances and roles in B movies, she was cast in the role of Brenda Strong in 2002's Catch Me If You Can, but her breakthrough role was in the 2005 independent film Junebug, playing Ashley Johnsten, for which she received critical acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. Adams subsequently starred in Disney's 2007 film Enchanted, a critical and commercial success, and received a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance as Giselle. She received her second Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations the following year for her role as a young nun in Doubt.\nIn 2009, Adams portrayed Amelia Earhart in the highly successful adventure film Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, and starred as writer Julie Powell in the comedy-drama film Julie & Julia. She received two more Golden Globes, BAFTA, and Academy Award nominations for her roles in the 2010 sports drama The Fighter and the 2012 psychological drama The Master. Adams achieved further success in 2013 for portraying Lois Lane in the Superman movie Man of Steel and a con artist in American Hustle; the latter earned her the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy and her fifth Academy Award nomination, this time for Best Actress.
/m/05v10	Paraguay, officially the Republic of Paraguay, is a landlocked country in South America, bordered by Argentina to the south and southwest, Brazil to the east and northeast, and Bolivia to the northwest. Paraguay lies on both banks of the Paraguay River, which runs through the center of the country from north to south. Due to its central location in South America, it is sometimes referred to as Corazón de América.\nThe indigenous Guaraní had been living in Paraguay for at least a millennium before the Spanish conquered the territory in the 16th century. Spanish settlers and Jesuit missions introduced Christianity and Spanish culture to the region. Paraguay was on the periphery of Spain's colonial empire, with few urban centers and a sparse population. Following independence from Spain in 1811, Paraguay was ruled by a series of dictators who implemented isolationist and protectionist policies.\nThis development was truncated by the disastrous Paraguayan War, in which the country lost 60 percent to 70 percent of its population through war and disease, and about 140,000 square kilometers of territory to Argentina and Brazil. Through the 20th century, Paraguay continued to endure a succession of authoritarian governments, culminating in the regime of Alfredo Stroessner, who led South America's longest-lived military dictatorship from 1954 to 1989. He was toppled in an internal military coup, and free multi-party elections were organized and held for the first time in 1993. A year later, Paraguay joined Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay to found Mercosur, a regional economic collaborative.
/m/0fpmrm3	Take Shelter is a 2011 American drama-thriller film written and directed by Jeff Nichols and starring Michael Shannon and Jessica Chastain. Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions, a young husband and father questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm, or from himself. It was nominated for four Saturn Awards including Best Horror or Thriller Film and Best Actress for Chastain, and won Best Writing for Nichols and Best Actor for Shannon.
/m/02tc5y	Hugh Michael Horace Dancy is an English actor and model.
/m/03qbnj	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality pop music albums. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"\nThe honor was first presented in 1968 at the 10th Grammy Awards as Best Contemporary Album to The Beatles for Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. The category was then discontinued until 1995 where it emerged with the new name Best Pop Album. In 2001, the category became known as Best Pop Vocal Album. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to artists that perform \"albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded pop vocal tracks.\" Kelly Clarkson is the first and only artist to win the award more than once. She, along with Madonna, Pink, Sarah McLachlan and Justin Timberlake share the record for the most nominations, with three each.
/m/016z1c	Irving Grant Thalberg was an American film producer during the early years of motion pictures. He was called \"The Boy Wonder\" for his youth and his extraordinary ability to select the right scripts, choose the right actors, gather the best production staff and make hundreds of very profitable films, including Grand Hotel, China Seas, Camille, Mutiny on the Bounty and The Good Earth. His films carved out a major international market, \"projecting a seductive image of American life brimming with vitality and rooted in democracy and personal freedom,\" states biographer Roland Flamini.\nHe was born in Brooklyn, NY, and as a child was afflicted with a congenital heart disease that doctors said would kill him before he reached the age of thirty. After graduating high school he took night classes in typing and worked as a store clerk during the day. He then took a job as a secretary at Universal Studios' New York office, and was later made studio manager for their Los Angeles facility, where he oversaw production of a hundred films during his three years with the company. Among the films he produced was The Hunchback of Notre Dame.\nHe then partnered with Louis B. Mayer's studio and, after it merged with two other studios, helped create Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. He was made head of production of MGM in 1925, at the age of twenty-six, and after three years MGM became the most successful studio in Hollywood as a result of his supervision. During his twelve years with MGM, until his early death at age 37, he produced four hundred films, most of which bore his imprint, and their production had adapted his innovations. Among those innovations were story conferences with writers, sneak previews to gain early feedback, and extensive re-shooting of scenes to improve the film. In addition, he introduced horror films to audiences and coauthored the “Production Code,” guidelines for morality followed by all studios. During the 1920s and 1930s, he synthesized and merged the world of stage drama and literary classics with Hollywood films.
/m/094g2z	Father of the Bride Part II is a 1995 comedy film starring Steve Martin, Diane Keaton and Martin Short. The movie is a sequel to Father of the Bride and a loose remake of the 1951 film Father's Little Dividend, the sequel to the original Father of the Bride movie released in 1950.
/m/01vvb4m	Nicolas Kim Coppola, known professionally as Nicolas Cage, is an American actor, director, and producer. He has performed in leading roles in a variety of films, ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action films. Cage is known for his prolificacy, appearing in at least one film per year nearly every year since 1980, with the exception of 1985 and 1991.\nIn the early years of his career, Cage starred in films such as Valley Girl, Racing with the Moon, Birdy, Peggy Sue Got Married, Raising Arizona, Moonstruck, Vampire's Kiss, Wild at Heart, Honeymoon in Vegas, and Red Rock West.\nCage received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, and Screen Actors Guild Award for his performance as an alcoholic Hollywood writer in Leaving Las Vegas before coming to the attention of wider audiences with mainstream films such as The Rock, Face/Off, Con Air, City of Angels, and National Treasure. He earned his second Academy Award nomination for his performance as Charlie and Donald Kaufman in Adaptation. In 2002, he directed the film Sonny, for which he was nominated for Grand Special Prize at Deauville Film Festival. Cage owns the production company Saturn Films and has produced films such as Shadow of the Vampire and The Life of David Gale.
/m/01gvpz	Lady Sings the Blues is a 1972 American biographical drama film directed by Sidney J. Furie about jazz singer Billie Holiday loosely based on her 1956 autobiography which, in turn, took its title from one of Holiday's most popular songs. It was produced by Motown Productions for Paramount Pictures. Diana Ross portrayed Holiday, alongside a cast including Billy Dee Williams, Richard Pryor, James T. Callahan, and Scatman Crothers.
/m/01d38g	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal was awarded between 1970 and 2011. From 1967 to 1969 and in 1971 the award included instrumental performances. The award had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1967 to 1968 the award was known as Best Rhythm & Blues Group Performance, Vocal or Instrumental\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Rhythm & Blues Performance by a Duo or Group, Vocal or Instrumental'\nIn 1970 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group\nIn 1971 it was awarded as Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group, Vocal or Instrumental\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Group\nFrom 1973 to 1980 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo, Group or Chorus\nFrom 1981 to 2003 it was awarded as Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal\nIn 2004 it was awarded as Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group vocal performances in the R&B category will be shifted to the newly formed Best R&B Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/01rwpj	Sexy Beast is a 2000 British crime film written by Louis Mellis and David Scinto, directed by Jonathan Glazer in his directorial debut, who had previously directed music videos and commercials for companies such as Guinness and Levi's. The film stars Ray Winstone, Ben Kingsley and Ian McShane.\nThe film earned Kingsley an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. In 2004 the magazine Total Film named Sexy Beast the 15th greatest British film of all time.
/m/01pj3h	Thomas William \"Tom\" Selleck is an American actor and film producer. He is best known for his starring role as the private investigator Thomas Magnum in the television series Magnum, P.I., based in Hawaii. He also plays Police Chief Jesse Stone in a series of made-for-TV movies based on Robert B. Parker novels. Since 2010, he has appeared as NYPD Police Commissioner Frank Reagan in the drama Blue Bloods on CBS-TV.\nSelleck has appeared in more than fifty film and television roles since his initial success with Magnum, P.I., including a co-starring role in the highest-grossing movie of 1987, Three Men and a Baby; Quigley Down Under; Mr. Baseball; and Lassiter, to name a few. Selleck has also appeared as Dr. Richard Burke on Friends, where he played the on-again, off-again love-interest of Monica Geller, and A.J. Cooper on Las Vegas.
/m/03_gz8	Elizabeth: The Golden Age is a 2007 sequel to the 1998 film Elizabeth, directed by Shekhar Kapur and produced by Universal Pictures and Working Title Films. It stars Cate Blanchett in the title role and is a fairly fictionalised portrayal of events during the latter part of the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England. The screenplay was written by William Nicholson and Michael Hirst. The music score was composed by A. R. Rahman and Craig Armstrong.\nIt was filmed at Shepperton Studios and various locations around the United Kingdom with an estimated production budget of 50 to 60 million USD. Guy Hendrix Dyas was the film's production designer and co-visual effects supervisor and the costumes were created by Alexandra Byrne.\nThe film premiered on 9 September 2007 at the Toronto International Film Festival. It opened in wide release in the United States and Canada on 12 October 2007. It premiered in London on 23 October 2007 and was on general release from 2 November 2007 throughout the rest of the UK and Republic of Ireland. It opened in Australia and New Zealand on 15 November 2007.\nThe film won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design and Blanchett received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.
/m/0gbbt	A bass player, or bassist, is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass, bass guitar, keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone. Different musical genres tend to be associated with one or more of these instruments. Since the 1960s, the electric bass has been the standard bass instrument for rock and roll, jazz fusion, heavy metal, country, reggae and pop music. The double bass is the standard bass instrument for classical music, bluegrass, rockabilly, and most genres of jazz. Low brass instruments such as the tuba or sousaphone are the standard bass instrument in Dixieland and New Orleans-style jazz bands.\nDespite the associations of different bass instruments with certain genres, there are exceptions. Some 1990s and 2000s rock and pop bands use a double bass, such as both Andrew Jackson Jihad, Barenaked Ladies; Indie band The Decemberists; and punk rock/psychobilly groups such as The Living End, Nekromantix, The Horrorpops, and Tiger Army. Some fusion jazz groups use a lightweight, stripped-down electric upright bass rather than a double bass. Some composers of modern art music use the electric bass in a chamber music setting. Some jazz big bands use electric bass. Some fusion, R&B and house music groups use synth bass or keyboard bass rather than electric bass. Some Dixieland bands use double bass or electric bass instead of a tuba. In some jazz groups and jam bands, the basslines are played by a Hammond organ player, who uses the bass pedal keyboard or the lower manual for the low notes.
/m/09pjnd	Richard Edlund, A.S.C. is a multi-Academy Award-winning US special effects cinematographer.\nEdlund was born in Fargo, North Dakota. After first joining the Navy, he developed an interest in experimental film and attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts in the late 60s. On the strength of a couple of short films he was picked by John Dykstra to work as first cameraman at the embryonic Industrial Light & Magic on the production of the first of the Star Wars films for which he shared an Academy Award.\nEdlund continued to work with Dykstra on Battlestar Galactica but was invited back by George Lucas to work on The Empire Strikes Back. Edlund's considerable technical challenge on this film was to optically composite miniatures against a white back ground resulting in a second academy award. Edlund also did distinguished work for Lucas and ILM on Raiders of the Lost Ark and Poltergeist.\nFollowing the completion of the original Star Wars films with Return of the Jedi, Edlund set up his own effects company, Boss Films, whose credits include Big Trouble in Little China, Die Hard, Ghostbusters, The Hunt for Red October, Cliffhanger, Outbreak, Air Force One, and many more. Boss Film Studios was one of the first traditional effects houses that successfully transitioned from \"tangible world\" visual effects, to computer generated imagery. Many notable CGI artists began their careers at Boss.
/m/06w92	Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea; along with surrounding minor islands, it constitutes an autonomous region of Italy, the Regione Siciliana.\nSicily is located in the central Mediterranean. It extends from the tip of the Apennine peninsula, from which it is separated only by the narrow Strait of Messina, towards the North African coast. Its most prominent landmark is Mount Etna, which at 3,320 m is the tallest active volcano in Europe and one of the most active in the world. The island has a typical Mediterranean climate.\nThe earliest archeological evidence of human dwelling on the island dates from as early as 8000 BC. At around 750 BC, Sicily was host to a number of Phoenician and Greek colonies and for the next 600 years it was the site of the Greek–Punic and Roman–Punic wars, which ended with the Roman destruction of Carthage. After the fall of the Roman Empire in the 5th century AD, Sicily frequently changed hands, and during the early Middle Ages it was ruled in turn by the Vandals, Ostrogoths, Byzantines, Arabs and Normans. Later on, the Kingdom of Sicily lasted between 1130 and 1816, first subordinated to the crowns of Aragon, Spain, the Holy Roman Empire, and finally unified under the Bourbons with Naples, as the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Following the Expedition of the Thousand, a Giuseppe Garibaldi-led revolt during the Italian Unification process and a plebiscite, it became part of Italy in 1860. After the birth of the Italian Republic in 1946, Sicily was given special status as an autonomous region.
/m/02hxhz	Big Daddy is a 1999 American comedy and coming-of-age film directed by Dennis Dugan and starring Adam Sandler and the Sprouse brothers. The film was produced by Robert Simonds and released on June 25, 1999, by Columbia Pictures where it opened #1 at the box office with a $41,536,370 first weekend as well as a score of 41% on Metacritic.
/m/03cw411	The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama film based on the 1995 German novel of the same name by Bernhard Schlink. The film was written by David Hare and directed by Stephen Daldry. Ralph Fiennes and Kate Winslet star along with the young actor David Kross. It was the last film for producers Anthony Minghella and Sydney Pollack, both of whom had died before it was released. Production began in Germany in September 2007, and the film opened in limited release on December 10, 2008.\nIt tells the story of Michael Berg, a German lawyer who as a mid-teenager in 1958 had an affair with an older woman, Hanna Schmitz, who then disappeared only to resurface years later as one of the defendants in a war crimes trial stemming from her actions as a guard at a Nazi concentration camp. Michael realizes that Hanna is keeping a personal secret she believes is worse than her Nazi past – a secret which, if revealed, could help her at the trial.\nWinslet and Kross, who plays the young Michael, received much praise for their performances; Winslet won a number of awards for her role, including the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film itself was nominated for several other major awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/015pvh	Bonnie Lynne Hunt is an American actress, comedian, writer, director, television producer, and daytime television host. She has appeared in the films Rain Man, Beethoven, Beethoven's 2nd, Jumanji, Jerry Maguire, The Green Mile, Cheaper by the Dozen, and Cheaper by the Dozen 2. She has done voice work in the Pixar films A Bug's Life, Monsters, Inc., Monsters University, Toy Story 3, Cars, and Cars 2. Hunt has starred in the television series Grand and Davis Rules as well as creating, producing, writing, and starring in The Building, Bonnie, and Life with Bonnie. From 2008 to 2010, she hosted the day time talk show The Bonnie Hunt Show.
/m/03qjg	The harmonica, also French harp, blues harp, and mouth organ, is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in nearly every musical genre, notably in blues, American folk music, jazz, country, and rock and roll. There are many types of harmonica, including diatonic, chromatic, tremolo, octave, orchestral, and bass versions. A harmonica is played by using the mouth to direct air into and out of one or more holes along a mouthpiece. Behind the holes are chambers containing at least one reed. A harmonica reed is a flat elongated spring typically made of brass, stainless steel, or bronze, which is secured at one end over a slot that serves as an airway. When the free end is made to vibrate by the player's air, it alternately blocks and unblocks the airway to produce sound.\nReeds are pre-tuned to individual pitches. Tuning may involve changing a reed's length, the weight near its free end, or the stiffness near its fixed end. Longer, heavier and springier reeds produce deeper, lower sounds; shorter, lighter and stiffer reeds make higher-pitched sounds. If, as on most modern harmonicas, a reed is affixed above or below its slot rather than in the plane of the slot, it responds more easily to air flowing in the direction that initially would push it into the slot, i.e., as a closing reed. This difference in response to air direction makes it possible to include both a blow reed and a draw reed in the same air chamber and to play them separately without relying on flaps of plastic or leather to block the nonplaying reed.
/m/05r79	Political philosophy is the study of topics such as politics, liberty, justice, property, rights, law, and the enforcement of a legal code by authority: what they are, why they are needed, what, if anything, makes a government legitimate, what rights and freedoms it should protect and why, what form it should take and why, what the law is, and what duties citizens owe to a legitimate government, if any, and when it may be legitimately overthrown, if ever. In a vernacular sense, the term \"political philosophy\" often refers to a general view, or specific ethic, political belief or attitude, about politics that does not necessarily belong to the technical discipline of philosophy. In short, political philosophy is the activity, as with all philosophy, whereby the conceptual apparatus behind such concepts as aforementioned are analyzed, in their history, intent, evolution and the like.
/m/02b18l	Southend United Football Club is an English football club founded 19 May 1906 in the Blue Boar puband has been a member of the Football League since 1920. The club has spent most of its League career in the lower divisions, with only seven seasons in the League's second tier.\nThe club is based at Roots Hall Stadium|, Prittlewell, Southend-on-Sea, Essex, who play in Football League Two. Their home ground is Roots Hall, but the club plans to move to a new stadium at Fossetts Farm. Southend F.C. are known as \"The Shrimpers\", a reference to the area's maritime industry included as one of the quarterings on the club badge.
/m/04cf09	Christopher David \"Chris\" Noth is an American actor. He is known for long-running television roles as Det. Mike Logan on the police procedural and legal drama television series, Law & Order and Law & Order: Criminal Intent, and as Mr. Big on Sex and the City. For the latter role, he has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award. As of 2013, he is a star of the CBS drama series The Good Wife, for which he was also nominated for a Golden Globe.
/m/02rytm	The Sweden national football team represents Sweden in association football and is controlled by the Swedish Football Association, the governing body for Football in Sweden. Sweden's home ground is Friends Arena in Stockholms län and the team is led by Erik Hamrén.\nSweden made their first World Cup appearance in 1934. Sweden has made eleven World Cup appearances and five appearances in the European Championships. They finished second in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, and third in both 1950 and 1994. Sweden's accomplishments also include a gold medal in the 1948 Summer Olympics, and bronze medals in 1924 and 1952. They reached the semi-finals in UEFA Euro 1992.\nTraditionally, Sweden are rivals with Denmark and Norway, although a rivalry with England has developed over the years. Sweden failed to qualify for the 2010 World Cup in the group qualification stage, having been edged out by Portugal. As a result, team manager Lars Lagerbäck quit and Erik Hamrén was appointed the new manager. Sweden's captain is Zlatan Ibrahimović with Andreas Isaksson as vice captain.
/m/04t2l2	Steven John \"Steve\" Carell is an American actor, comedian, director, producer, writer, and voice artist. After a five-year stint on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, Carell found greater fame in the late 2000s for playing Michael Scott on the American version of The Office. He has also starred in lead roles in the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Little Miss Sunshine, Evan Almighty, Dan in Real Life, Get Smart, Date Night, Dinner for Schmucks, Crazy, Stupid, Love., Seeking a Friend for the End of the World, and The Way Way Back, and voiced characters in the animated films Over the Hedge, Horton Hears a Who!, Despicable Me and Despicable Me 2. Carell was nominated as \"America's funniest man\" in Life magazine, and received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Comedy Series for his work on The Office.
/m/05p1dby	The Razzie Award for Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-off or Sequel is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards for the worst prequel, remake, rip-off, or sequel of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, including each film's distribution company. From 1994 to 2005, the category was originally titled Worst Remake or Sequel. The category was later divided to both Worst Prequel or Sequel and Worst Remake or Rip-off from 2006 to 2007. Since 2008, the two categories have been put together. There was no award in 1996 and 1999.
/m/01vw917	Alvin Nathaniel Joiner, better known by his stage name Xzibit, is an American rapper, actor, and television host. He is known as the host of the MTV show Pimp My Ride, which brought him mainstream success. Before hosting the show, he achieved fame in the West Coast hip-hop scene as a rapper, debuting with his acclaimed At the Speed of Life and gathering chart success with his follow-up albums Restless, Man vs. Machine and Weapons of Mass Destruction, working with high-profile artists such as Eminem, Cypress Hill, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Knoc-turn'al, Timbaland, Limp Bizkit, Alice Cooper, Game, 50 Cent and Within Temptation, as well as being one of the first out internationally, working with overseas acts such as Russian rapper Timati, Raptile from Germany, Bliss N Eso from Australia and Adil Omar from Pakistan.
/m/03xl77	Travis Landon Barker is an American musician and producer, most noted as the drummer for the American rock band Blink-182. Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists, and with the alternative rock band +44, the rap rock group The Transplants, and the alternative rock band Box Car Racer. He was a frequent collaborator with the late DJ AM, and together they formed TRV$DJAM.\nAfter the split of his first band, Feeble, Barker began playing for The Aquabats in 1996 as The Baron Von Tito. He recorded one album with them, The Fury of The Aquabats!, in 1997. His career took off when he joined up with Blink-182 in 1998. Barker has since established himself as a versatile drummer, producing and making guest appearances in music projects of numerous music genres including hip hop, alternative rock, pop and country. He has gained significant acceptance within the hip-hop community in particular and often collaborates with artists to compose rock-tinged remixes to their songs. Barker collaborated with artists for his solo debut album, Give the Drummer Some, which was released on March 15, 2011.
/m/047tsx3	The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks. The film stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love during the early 1940s. Their story is narrated from the present day by an elderly man telling the tale to a fellow nursing home resident.\nThe Notebook received mixed reviews but performed well at the box office and received several award nominations, winning eight Teen Choice Awards, a Satellite Award and a MTV Movie Award. The film has gained a cult following. On November 11, 2012, ABC Family premiered an extended version with deleted scenes added back into the original storyline.
/m/02_n3z	The dialogue editor is a type of sound editor who assembles, synchronises, and edits all the dialogue in a film or television production. Usually they will use the production tracks: the sound that was recorded on the set. They will smooth it out in terms of volume and equalization. If any of the production tracks are unusable they can be replaced by either alternate production tracks recorded on set or by ADR, automated dialogue replacement, which is recorded after the shoot with the actors watching their performances in a sound studio and rerecording the lines. Large productions may have an ADR editor working under the dialogue editor, but the positions are often combined. The ADR editor or dialogue editor also work with the walla group in films which they are required, providing the background chatter noise in scenes with large crowds, such as parties or restaurants.\nOnce the dialogue editor has completed the dialogue track, the re-recording mixer then mixes it with the music and sound effects tracks to produce the final soundtrack.
/m/0f_y9	Henry John Deutschendorf, Jr., known professionally as John Denver, was an American singer, songwriter, actor, activist, and humanitarian. He was one of the most popular acoustic artists of the 1970s. After traveling and living in numerous locations while growing up in his military family, Denver began his music career in folk music groups in the late 1960s. His greatest commercial success was as a solo singer, starting in the 1970s. Throughout his life, Denver recorded and released approximately 300 songs, about 200 of which he composed.\nHe performed primarily with an acoustic guitar and sang about his joy in nature, his enthusiasm for music, and his relationship trials. Denver's music appeared on a variety of charts, including country and western, the Billboard Hot 100, and adult contemporary, in all earning him twelve gold and four platinum albums with his signature songs \"Take Me Home, Country Roads\", \"Annie's Song\", \"Rocky Mountain High\", and \"Sunshine on My Shoulders\".\nDenver further starred in films and several notable television specials in the 1970s and 1980s. In the following decades, he continued to record, but also focused on calling attention to environmental issues, lent his vocal support to space exploration, and testified in front of Congress to protest against censorship in music. He was known for his love of the state of Colorado, which he sang about numerous times. He lived in Aspen, Colorado, for much of his life. He was named Poet Laureate of the state in 1974. The Colorado state legislature also adopted \"Rocky Mountain High\" as one of its state songs in 2007. Denver was an avid pilot, and died in a single fatality crash of his personal aircraft at the age of 53.
/m/0bl1_	Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American drama film based on the 1965 novel of the same name by James Leo Herlihy. The script was written by Waldo Salt, directed by John Schlesinger, and stars Jon Voight in the title role alongside Dustin Hoffman. Notable smaller roles are filled by Sylvia Miles, John McGiver, Brenda Vaccaro, Bob Balaban, Jennifer Salt and Barnard Hughes; M. Emmet Walsh appears in an uncredited cameo.\nThe film won three Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay. To date, it is the only X-rated film ever to win Best Picture. It has since been labeled as one of the greatest American movies of all time.
/m/060c4	A president is a leader of an organization, company, community, club, trade union, university, country, a division or part of any of these, or, more generally, anything else.\nEtymologically, a president is one who presides. Originally, the term referred to the presiding officer of a ceremony or meeting, but today it most commonly refers to an executive official. Among other things, \"President\" today is a common title for the heads of state of most republics, whether popularly elected, chosen by the legislature or by a special electoral college.
/m/01vxqyl	Robert Matthew Van Winkle, better known by his stage name, Vanilla Ice, is an American rapper, actor and television host. Born in South Dallas, and raised in Texas and South Florida, Ice released his debut album, Hooked, in 1989 on Ichiban Records, before signing a contract with SBK Records, a record label of the EMI Group which released a reformatted version of the album under the title To the Extreme. Ice's single \"Ice Ice Baby\" was the first hip hop single to top the Billboard charts.\nAlthough Vanilla Ice was successful, he later regretted his business arrangements with SBK, which had paid him to adopt a more commercial appearance to appeal to a mass audience and published fabricated biographical information without his knowledge. After surviving a suicide attempt, Ice was inspired to change his musical style and lifestyle. While his later, less mainstream albums failed to chart or receive much radio airplay, Ice has had a loyal underground following. In 2009, Ice began hosting The Vanilla Ice Project on DIY Network. His latest album WTF – Wisdom, Tenacity & Focus was released in August 2011. Ice is currently signed to Psychopathic Records.
/m/0drdv	Benjamin Charles \"Ben\" Elton is an English comedian, author, playwright, actor and director. He was a part of London's alternative comedy movement of the 1980s and became a writer on such cult series as The Young Ones and Blackadder, as well as continuing as a stand-up comedian on stage and TV. His performing style in the 1980s was left-wing political satire. Since then he has published thirteen novels and more lately become known for writing the musical We Will Rock You and Love Never Dies, the sequel to The Phantom of the Opera.
/m/03cv_gy	John Adams is a 2008 American television miniseries chronicling most of U.S. President John Adams' political life and his role in the founding of the United States. Paul Giamatti portrays John Adams. The miniseries was directed by Tom Hooper. Kirk Ellis wrote the screenplay based on the book John Adams by David McCullough. The biopic of John Adams and the story of the first fifty years of the United States was broadcast in seven parts by HBO between March 16 and April 20, 2008. John Adams received widespread critical acclaim, and many prestigious awards. The show won four Golden Globe awards and thirteen Emmy awards, which is more than any other miniseries in history.
/m/013xrm	Germans are a Germanic ethnic group native to Central Europe, who share a common German ancestry, culture and history, and speak the German language as their mother tongue. In modern usage, the term also refers to the citizens of the Federal Republic of Germany, regardless of ancestry, mother tongue, ethnic identity or culture.\nThe English term Germans has historically referred to the German-speaking population of the Holy Roman Empire since the Late Middle Ages. Before the collapse of communism and the reunification of Germany, Germans constituted the largest divided nation in Europe by far, a position today occupied by Russians. Ever since the outbreak of the Protestant Reformation within the Holy Roman Empire, German society has been characterized by a Catholic-Protestant divide.\nOf approximately 100 million native speakers of German in the world, roughly 70 million consider themselves Germans. There are an additional 80 million people of German ancestry mainly in the United States, Brazil, Argentina, Canada, South Africa, post-Soviet states, France, Australia, Venezuela, Chile and Italy. Over 17 percent of the population of the United States, over 10 percent of population of Canada, over 7 percent of the population of Argentina and over 4 percent of the population of Australia has German ancestry. Thus, the total number of Germans worldwide lies between 66 and 160 million, depending on the criteria applied.
/m/015pnb	All in the Family is an American sitcom that was originally broadcast on the CBS television network from January 12, 1971, to April 8, 1979. In September 1979, a new show, Archie Bunker's Place, picked up where All in the Family had ended. That sitcom lasted another four years, ending its run in 1983.\nProduced by Norman Lear and Bud Yorkin, the original pilot was entitled Justice for All and was developed for ABC. Tom Bosley, Jack Warden, and Jackie Gleason were all considered for the role of Archie Bunker. In fact, CBS wanted to buy the rights to the original British show Till Death Us Do Part and retool it specifically for Gleason, who was under contract to them, but producer Norman Lear beat out CBS for the rights and offered the show to ABC.\nCarroll O'Connor and Jean Stapleton played Archie and Edith Justice. Kelly Jean Peters played Gloria and Tim McIntire played her husband, Richard. It was taped in October 1968 in New York City. After screening the first pilot, ABC gave the producers more money to shoot a second pilot entitled Those Were the Days, which was taped in February 1969 in Hollywood. Candice Azzara played Gloria and Chip Oliver played Richard. D'Urville Martin played Lionel Jefferson in both pilots. After ABC turned down the second pilot, CBS developed the third pilot, entitled All in the Family. This pilot had the final cast and was the series' first episode.
/m/0h2zvzr	Midnight's Children is a 2012 drama film written by Salman Rushdie and directed by Deepa Mehta.
/m/07_f2	Vermont is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. Vermont is the 6th least extensive and the 2nd least populous of the 50 United States. It is the only New England state not bordering the Atlantic Ocean. Lake Champlain forms half of Vermont's western border, which it shares with the state of New York. The Green Mountains are within the state. Vermont is bordered by Massachusetts to the south, New Hampshire to the east, New York to the west, and the province of Quebec to the north.\nOriginally inhabited by two major Native American tribes, much of the territory that is now Vermont was claimed by France during its early colonial period. France ceded the territory to the Kingdom of Great Britain after being defeated in 1763 in the Seven Years' War. For many years, the nearby colonies, especially New Hampshire and New York, disputed control of the area.\nSettlers who held land titles granted by these colonies were opposed by the Green Mountain Boys militia, which eventually prevailed in creating an independent state, the Vermont Republic. Founded in 1777 during the Revolutionary War, the republic lasted for fourteen years. Aside from the Thirteen Colonies, Vermont is one of only four U.S. states to have been a sovereign state in its past. In 1791, Vermont joined the United States as the 14th state, the first in addition to the original 13 Colonies. Vermont was the first state to partially abolish slavery while still independent.
/m/0cf8qb	The Sum of All Fears is a 2002 American action political thriller film directed by Phil Alden Robinson, based on Tom Clancy's novel of the same name. This fourth film in the Jack Ryan film series is a reboot set in 2002, with Ryan portrayed as younger than in the 1990 film The Hunt for Red October starring Alec Baldwin, and in that film's sequels, Patriot Games and Clear and Present Danger, both of which starred Harrison Ford.\nThe film was a co-production between the motion picture studios of Paramount Pictures, Mace Neufeld Productions, MFP Munich Film Partners, and S.O.A.F. Productions. On June 4, 2002, the original motion picture soundtrack was released by the Elektra Records music label. The soundtrack was composed and orchestrated by musician Jerry Goldsmith.\nThe film premiered in theaters in the United States on May 31, 2002 grossing $118,907,036 in box office revenue. Its worldwide theatrical run ended with a total of $193,921,372 in business. Considering its production budget of $68 million and related marketing costs, the film was considered a major financial success. It presently holds a 59% score on Rotten Tomatoes, with generally mixed critical reviews.
/m/018ctl	The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games, informally the 21st Winter Olympics, were a major international multi-sport event held from February 12 to February 28, 2010, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, with some events held in the suburbs of Richmond, West Vancouver and the University Endowment Lands, and in the resort town of Whistler. Approximately 2,600 athletes from 82 nations participated in 86 events in fifteen disciplines. Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee, headed by John Furlong. The 2010 Winter Olympics were the third Olympics hosted by Canada and the first by the province of British Columbia. Previously, Canada hosted the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta.\nFollowing Olympic tradition, then-Vancouver mayor Sam Sullivan received the Olympic flag during the closing ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. The flag was raised on February 28, 2006, in a special ceremony and was on display at Vancouver City Hall until the Olympic opening ceremony, except for when it was removed by members of the Native Warrior Society on March 6, 2007. The event was officially opened by Governor General Michaëlle Jean, who was accompanied by Prime Minister Stephen Harper and International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge.
/m/025m98	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition has been awarded since 1960. The award is presented to the composer of an original piece of music, first released during the eligibility year. In theory, any style of music is eligible for this category, but winning compositions are usually in the jazz or film score genres.\nThe Grammy is awarded to the composer of the music, not to the performing artist, except if the artist is also the composer.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nIn 1958 it was awarded as Best Musical Composition First Recorded and Released in 1958\nIn 1960 it was awarded as Best Musical Composition First Recorded and Released in 1959\nIn 1962 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Theme or Instrumental Version of Song\nFrom 1963 to 1964 and from 1967 to 1970 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Theme\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Composition\nFrom 1971 to the present it has been awarded as Best Instrumental Composition\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/031rq5	Castle Rock Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1987 by Martin Shafer, director Rob Reiner, Andrew Scheinman, Glenn Padnick and Alan Horn. It is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Entertainment, which in turn is a unit of Time Warner.
/m/02f6s3	Walter Brennan was an American actor. Brennan is one of three men to win three acting Oscars, having won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1936, 1938 and 1940.
/m/01zhs3	Ipswich Town Football Club are an English professional football team based in Ipswich, Suffolk. As of the 2013–14 season, they play in the Football League Championship, having last appeared in the Premier League in 2001–02, making them the league's longest-serving club.\nThe club was founded in 1878 but did not turn professional until 1936, and was subsequently elected to join the Football League in 1938. They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich. The only fully professional football club in Suffolk, they have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Norwich City in Norfolk, with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 138 times since 1902.\nIpswich won the English league title once, in their first season in the top flight in 1961–62, and have twice finished runners-up, in 1980–81 and 1981–82. They won the FA Cup in 1977–78, and the UEFA Cup in 1980–81. They have competed in the top two tiers of English football uninterrupted since 1957–58, currently the longest streak among Championship clubs after Coventry were relegated in the 2011–12 season. They have competed in all three European club competitions, and have never lost at home in European competition defeating Real Madrid, AC Milan, Internazionale, Lazio and Barcelona amongst others.
/m/0g8fs	The United States Naval Academy is a four-year coeducational federal service academy located in Annapolis, Maryland, United States. Established in 1845 under Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft, it is the second-oldest of the United States' five service academies, and educates officers for commissioning primarily into the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps. The 338-acre campus is located on the former grounds of Fort Severn at the confluence of the Severn River and Chesapeake Bay, 33 miles east of Washington, D.C. and 26 miles southeast of Baltimore, Maryland. The entire campus is a National Historic Landmark and home to many historic sites, buildings, and monuments.\nCandidates for admission generally must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination, usually from a Member of Congress. Students are officers-in-training and are referred to as midshipmen. Tuition for midshipmen is fully funded by the Navy in exchange for an active duty service obligation upon graduation. Approximately 1,300 \"plebes\" enter the Academy each summer for the rigorous Plebe Summer, but only about 1,000 Midshipmen graduate. Graduates are usually commissioned as ensigns in the Navy or second lieutenants in the Marine Corps, but a small number can also be commissioned as officers in both the other US services, and the services of allied nations. The academic program grants a bachelor of science degree with a curriculum that grades midshipmen's performance upon a broad academic program, military leadership performance, and mandatory participation in competitive athletics. Midshipmen are required to adhere to the academy's Honor Concept.
/m/0gwlfnb	G.I. Joe 2: Cobra Strikes is a 2012 action adventure sci-fi film written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick and directed by Jon M. Chu.
/m/08hsww	Benjamin Joseph Manaly \"B. J.\" Novak is an American actor, stand-up comedian, screenwriter, author, and director. He is known for being a writer and co-executive producer of The Office, in which he also played Ryan Howard, as well as appearing in Inglourious Basterds and Saving Mr. Banks.
/m/0ytc	Associazione Sportiva Roma, commonly referred to as simply Roma, is a professional Italian football club based in Rome. Founded by a merger arranged by the Fascist regime in 1927, Roma have participated in the top-tier of Italian football for all of their existence except for 1951–52. For their 62nd season in a row, Roma are competing in Serie A for the 2013–14 season.\nRoma have won Serie A three times, first in 1941–42 then in 1982–83 and again in 2000–01, as well as winning nine Coppa Italia titles and two Supercoppa Italiana titles. On the European stage Roma won an Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1960–61, coming close to European Cup victory in 1983–84, and finishing as runners-up in the UEFA Cup for 1990–91.\nHome games are currently played at the Stadio Olimpico, a venue they share with city rivals Lazio. With a capacity of over 72,000, it is the second largest of its kind in Italy, with only the San Siro able to seat more. In September 2009 the club unveiled plans to build a new 55,000-capacity stadium in the western suburbs of Rome. Its design was modeled after English football stadiums with the objective being to give fans a closer view of the pitch. In September 2011, it was announced that the new president, Thomas R. DiBenedetto, had reached an agreement with the mayor of Rome, Gianni Alemanno, to have the new stadium completed by 2016. Like the previous plan by Sensi, this new stadium is to be modeled after English stadiums.
/m/0f14q	Majel Barrett-Roddenberry was an American actress and producer. She is best known for her role as Nurse Christine Chapel in the original Star Trek series, Lwaxana Troi on Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and for being the voice of most onboard computer interfaces throughout the series. She was also the wife of Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry.\nAs the wife of Roddenberry and given her ongoing relationship with Star Trek—participating in some way in every series during her lifetime—she was sometimes referred to as \"the First Lady of Star Trek\". She and Gene Roddenberry were married in Japan on August 6, 1969, after the cancellation of the original Star Trek series. They had one son together, Eugene \"Rod\" Roddenberry, Jr., born in 1974.
/m/0d1t3	Dressage is a competitive equestrian sport, defined by the International Equestrian Federation as \"the highest expression of horse training\", where \"horse and rider are expected to perform from memory a series of predetermined movements.\" Competitions are held at all levels from amateur to the World Equestrian Games. Its fundamental purpose is to develop, through standardized progressive training methods, a horse's natural athletic ability and willingness to perform, thereby maximizing its potential as a riding horse. At the peak of a dressage horse's gymnastic development, the horse will respond smoothly to a skilled rider's minimal aids. The rider will be relaxed and appear effort-free while the horse willingly performs the requested movement. Dressage is occasionally referred to as \"Horse Ballet.\" Although the discipline has ancient roots in Europe, dressage was first recognized as an important equestrian pursuit during the Renaissance. The great European riding masters of that period developed a sequential training system that has changed little since then. Classical dressage is still considered the basis of modern dressage.
/m/067nsm	Christopher \"Tricky\" Stewart is an American songwriter, music producer, music publisher, executive producer, recording industry executive and recording studio owner. He is also a former president of A&R at Epic Records. In a career spanning 16 years, Stewart, at the helm of his company RedZone Entertainment, is responsible for over 25 million records sold. He is noted for producing many hip hop, R&B and pop chart topping singles, such as Beyoncé’s “Single Ladies ”, Britney Spears's \"Me Against the Music\", Mýa’s “Case of the Ex”, Rihanna’s “Umbrella”, Mary J. Blige’s “Just Fine”, Mariah Carey's \"Touch My Body\" and \"Obsessed\", Jesse McCartney’s “Leavin'”, Justin Bieber's \"Baby\", Ciara's \"Ride\" and many others.\nIn 2012, he was named to Billboard Magazine's Power \"40 Under 40.\"
/m/08s6mr	Fantastic Mr. Fox is a 2009 American stop-motion animated comedy film based on the Roald Dahl children's novel of the same name. This story is about a fox who steals food each night from three mean and wealthy farmers. The farmers are fed up with Mr. Fox's theft and try to kill him, so they dig their way into the foxes' home. However, the animals are able to outwit the farmers and live underground.\nProduced by Indian Paintbrush and Regency Enterprises, and released in the autumn of 2009, the film features the voices of George Clooney, Meryl Streep, Jason Schwartzman, Bill Murray, and Owen Wilson. For director Wes Anderson, it was his first animated film and first film adaptation.\nDevelopment on the project began in 2004 as collaboration between Anderson and Henry Selick under Revolution Studios. In 2007, Revolution folded, Selick left to direct Coraline, and work on the film moved to 20th Century Fox. Production began in London in 2007. It was released in late 2009 to critical acclaim.
/m/0xmp9	Montclair is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 37,669, reflecting a decline of 1,308 from the 38,977 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,248 from the 37,729 counted in the 1990 Census. As of 2010 it was the 60th-most-populous municipality by population in New Jersey.\nMontclair was first formed as a Township on April 15, 1868, from portions of Bloomfield Township, so that a railroad could be built to Montclair. After a referendum held on February 21, 1894, Montclair was reincorporated as a Town, effective February 24, 1894. In the late 1970s, after protesting for years at the inequities built into the formulas, Montclair joined several other communities to qualify for a pool of federal aid allocated only to Townships, that allowed townships to receive as much as double the revenue-sharing aid per capita received by the four other types of New Jersey municipalities — Borough, City, Town or Village.
/m/055c8	Morgan Freeman is an American actor, film director, and narrator. Freeman has received Academy Award nominations for his performances in Street Smart, Driving Miss Daisy, The Shawshank Redemption and Invictus and won in 2005 for Million Dollar Baby. He has also won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Freeman has appeared in many other box office hits, including Unforgiven, Glory, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Seven, Deep Impact, The Sum of All Fears, Bruce Almighty, Along Came a Spider, The Dark Knight trilogy, March of the Penguins and The Lego Movie. He is known for his distinctively smooth, deep voice. He got his first break as part of the cast of The Electric Company.
/m/0dvqq	Green Day is an American punk rock band formed in 1987. The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong, bassist and backing vocalist Mike Dirnt, drummer Tré Cool and guitarist and backing vocalist Jason White, who became a full member after playing in the band as a session and touring guitarist for 13 years. Cool replaced former drummer John Kiffmeyer in 1990, prior to the recording of the band's second studio album, Kerplunk.\nGreen Day was originally part of the punk scene at the DIY 924 Gilman Street club in Berkeley, California. The band's early releases were from the independent record label Lookout! Records. In 1994, its major label debut Dookie released through Reprise Records became a breakout success and eventually sold over 10 million copies in the U.S. Green Day was widely credited, alongside fellow California punk bands Sublime, Bad Religion, The Offspring and Rancid, with popularizing and reviving mainstream interest in punk rock in the United States.\nGreen Day's three follow-up albums, Insomniac, Nimrod, and Warning did not achieve the massive success of Dookie, though they were still successful, with Insomniac and Nimrod reaching double platinum and Warning reaching gold status. The band's rock opera, American Idiot, reignited the band's popularity with a younger generation, selling five million copies in the United States. The band's eighth studio album, 21st Century Breakdown, was released in 2009 which achieved the band's best chart performance to date. In 2012, 21st Century Breakdown was followed up by a trilogy of albums called ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré! released on September, November and December 2012 respectively.
/m/07vfy4	Water, is a 2005 Canadian film directed by Deepa Mehta and written by Anurag Kashyap, who also did the dialogue translation. It is set in 1938 and explores the lives of widows at an ashram in Varanasi, India. The film is also the third and final installment of Mehta's Elements trilogy. It was preceded by Fire and Earth. Author Bapsi Sidhwa wrote the 2006 novel based upon the film, Water: A Novel, published by Milkweed Press. Sidhwa's earlier novel, Cracking India was the basis for Earth, the second film in the trilogy. Water is a dark introspect into the tales of rural Indian widows in the 1940s and covers controversial subjects such as misogyny and ostracism. The film premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival, where it was honoured with the Opening Night Gala, and was released across Canada in November of that year. It was first released in India on 9 March 2007.\nThe film stars Seema Biswas, Lisa Ray, John Abraham, and Sarala Kariyawasam in pivotal roles and Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Waheeda Rehman, Raghuvir Yadav, and Vinay Pathak in supporting roles. Featured songs for the film were composed by A. R. Rahman, with lyrics by Sukhwinder Singh and Raqeeb Alam while the background score was composed by Mychael Danna. Cinematography is by Giles Nuttgens, who has worked with Deepa Mehta on several of her films.
/m/0cskb	Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an American television series which aired from March 10, 1997 until May 20, 2003. The series was created in 1997 by writer-director Joss Whedon under his production tag, Mutant Enemy Productions with later co-executive producers being Jane Espenson, David Fury, David Greenwalt, Doug Petrie, Marti Noxon, and David Solomon. The series narrative follows Buffy Summers, the latest in a line of young women known as \"Vampire Slayers\" or simply \"Slayers\". In the story, Slayers are \"called\" to battle against vampires, demons, and other forces of darkness. Like previous Slayers, Buffy is aided by a Watcher, who guides, teaches, and trains her. Unlike her predecessors, Buffy surrounds herself with a circle of loyal friends who become known as the \"Scooby Gang\".\nThe series received critical and popular acclaim and usually reached between four and six million viewers on original airings. Although such ratings are lower than successful shows on the \"big four\" networks, they were a success for the relatively new and smaller WB Television Network. The show was ranked 41st on TV Guide's list of 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time, second on Empire's \"50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time\", voted third in 2004 and 2007 on TV Guide's \"Top Cult Shows Ever\" and listed in Time magazine's \"100 Best TV Shows of All-Time\". In 2013, TV Guide also included it in its list of The 60 Greatest Dramas of All Time. Buffy was also named the third Best School Show of All Time by AOL TV. It was nominated for Emmy and Golden Globe awards, winning a total of three Emmys. However, snubs in lead Emmy categories resulted in outrage among TV critics and the decision by the academy to hold a tribute event in honor of the series after it had gone off the air in 2003.
/m/0jmk7	The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, which they share with their local NBA rival, the Los Angeles Clippers, the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL, and the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA. The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 16 championships, their last being in 2010. As of 2013, the Lakers are the second most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes, having an estimated value of $1 billion.\nThe franchise began with the 1947 purchase of a disbanded team, the Detroit Gems of the NBL. The new team began playing in Minneapolis, Minnesota, calling themselves the Minneapolis Lakers in honor of the state's nickname, \"Land of 10,000 Lakes\". The Lakers won five championships in Minneapolis, propelled by center George Mikan, who is described by the NBA's official website as the league's \"first superstar\". After struggling financially in the late 1950s following Mikan's retirement, they relocated to Los Angeles before the 1960–61 season.
/m/071xj	Satyajit Ray was an Indian filmmaker, regarded as one of the greatest auteurs of world cinema. Ray was born in the city of Calcutta into a Bengali family prominent in the world of arts and literature. Starting his career as a commercial artist, Ray was drawn into independent filmmaking after meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and viewing Vittorio De Sica's Italian neorealist 1948 film Bicycle Thieves during a visit to London.\nRay directed 36 films, including feature films, documentaries and shorts. He was also a fiction writer, publisher, illustrator, calligrapher, graphic designer and film critic. He authored several short stories and novels, primarily aimed at children and adolescents. Feluda, the sleuth, and Professor Shonku, the scientist in his science fiction stories, are popular fictional characters created by him.\nRay's first film, Pather Panchali, won eleven international prizes, including Best Human Documentary at the Cannes Film Festival. This film, Aparajito, and Apur Sansar form The Apu Trilogy. Ray did the scripting, casting, scoring, and editing, and designed his own credit titles and publicity material. Ray received many major awards in his career, including 32 Indian National Film Awards, a number of awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies, and an Academy Award in 1992. The Government of India honoured him with the Bharat Ratna in 1992.
/m/0kszw	Helena Bonham Carter, CBE is a multi-awarded English actress. She made her acting debut in a television adaptation of K. M. Peyton's A Pattern of Roses before her debut film role as the titular character in Lady Jane. She is known for her roles in films, such as: A Room with a View, Fight Club, The King's Speech, and playing the villainess Bellatrix Lestrange in the Harry Potter series. She frequently collaborates with her domestic partner, director Tim Burton, in films such as: Planet of the Apes, Big Fish, Corpse Bride, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Alice in Wonderland, and Dark Shadows. In 2012, she played Miss Havisham in Great Expectations, and Madame Thénardier in Les Misérables.\nA two-time Academy Award nominee for her performances in The Wings of the Dove and The King's Speech, Bonham Carter's acting has been further recognised with seven Golden Globe nominations, an International Emmy Award for best actress, a BAFTA Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2012 New Year honours list for services to drama, and received the honour from the Queen at Buckingham Palace on 22 February 2012.
/m/065ym0c	Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame is a 2010 Chinese-Hong Kong action mystery film directed and produced by Tsui Hark, and features art direction and fight choreography by Sammo Hung, and starring Andy Lau, Carina Lau, Li Bingbing, Deng Chao and Tony Leung Ka-fai.\nThe film tells the story of the fictional account of Di Renjie, one of the most celebrated officials of the Tang Dynasty.\nPrincipal photography for Detective Dee began in May 2009; the film was shot at Hengdian World Studios in Zhejiang, China. Detective Dee was released in China on 29 September 2010 and in Hong Kong on 30 September 2010. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 2010 Venice Film Festival. The film also made its North America debut by premiering at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival.\nThe character of Judge Dee was made famous in western countries by Robert van Gulik, who wrote 17 new Judge Dee mysteries between 1946 and 1967 based on the 18th century gong'an crime novel Di Gong'an. The series is now being continued by French author Frédéric Lenormand. The prequel Young Detective Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon was released on 28 September 2013, with Mark Chao as young Detective Dee.
/m/09swkk	Gustavo Alfredo Santaolalla is an Argentine musician, film composer and producer. He has won two Academy Awards for Best Original Score in two consecutive years, for Brokeback Mountain in 2005, and Babel in 2006. Most recently, he composed the music for the video game The Last of Us.
/m/03v1jf	January Kristen Jones is an American actress and model. She has played Betty Draper on the television series Mad Men since 2007, and is known for her roles as Cadence in American Wedding, Elizabeth Harris in Unknown, and Emma Frost in X-Men: First Class.
/m/01qqwn	Multiple myeloma, also known as plasma cell myeloma or Kahler's disease, is a cancer of plasma cells, a type of white blood cell normally responsible for producing antibodies. In multiple myeloma, collections of abnormal plasma cells accumulate in the bone marrow, where they interfere with the production of normal blood cells. Most cases of myeloma also feature the production of a paraprotein—an abnormal antibody which can cause kidney problems. Bone lesions and hypercalcemia are also often encountered.\nMyeloma is diagnosed with blood tests, bone marrow examination, urine protein electrophoresis, and X-rays of commonly involved bones. Myeloma is generally thought to be incurable but highly treatable. Remissions may be induced with steroids, chemotherapy, proteasome inhibitors, immunomodulatory drugs such as thalidomide or lenalidomide, and stem cell transplants. Radiation therapy is sometimes used to reduce pain from bone lesions.\nMyeloma develops in 1–4 per 100,000 people per year. It is more common in men and, for unknown reasons, is twice as common in Afro-Americans as it is in European-Americans. With conventional treatment, median survival is 3–4 years, which may be extended to 5–7 years or longer with advanced treatments. Multiple myeloma is the second most common hematological malignancy in the U.S., and constitutes 1% of all cancers.
/m/02nd_	The Empire State Building is a 103-story skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and West 34th Street. It has a roof height of 1,250 feet, and with its antenna spire included, it stands a total of 1,454 ft high. Its name is derived from the nickname for New York, the Empire State. It stood as the world's tallest building for nearly 40 years, from its completion in early 1931 until the topping out of the World Trade Center's North Tower in late 1970. Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, the Empire State Building was again the tallest building in New York, until One World Trade Center reached a greater height on April 30, 2012. The Empire State Building is currently the fourth-tallest completed skyscraper in the United States, and the 23rd-tallest in the world. It is also the fourth-tallest freestanding structure in the Americas.\nThe Empire State Building is generally thought of as an American cultural icon. It is designed in the distinctive Art Deco style and has been named as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers. The building and its street floor interior are designated landmarks of the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission, and confirmed by the New York City Board of Estimate. It was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1986. In 2007, it was ranked number one on the AIA's List of America's Favorite Architecture.
/m/0263tn1	Robert James-Collier is a British actor and model. He is known for his roles as Liam Connor in Coronation Street and as Thomas Barrow in Downton Abbey.
/m/06znpjr	Gulliver's Travels is a 2010 American fantasy comedy film directed by Rob Letterman and very loosely based on Part One of the 18th-century novel of the same name by Jonathan Swift, though the film takes place in modern day. The film stars Jack Black and is distributed by Twentieth Century Fox.
/m/090s_0	Gulliver's Travels is a U.S. TV miniseries based on Jonathan Swift's novel of the same name, produced by Jim Henson Productions and Hallmark Entertainment. This miniseries is notable for being one of the very few adaptations of Swift's novel to feature all four voyages. The miniseries aired in the United Kingdom on Channel 4, and in the USA on NBC in February 1996. The miniseries stars Ted Danson, Mary Steenburgen, Peter O'Toole, John Gielgud, Omar Sharif, Shashi Kapoor, Warwick Davis, Kristin Scott Thomas, Alfre Woodard, Kate Maberly, Tom Sturridge, Richard Wilson and Nicholas Lyndhurst. It was shot in England and Portugal.\nThe series won 5 Emmy Awards including in the Outstanding Miniseries category.
/m/01cw51	The Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance was awarded between 1968 and 2011. The award has had several minor name changes:\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best R&B Solo Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1969 to 1994 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male\nSince 1995 it has been awarded as Best Male R&B Vocal Performance\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group vocal performances in the R&B category will be shifted to the newly formed Best R&B Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0c73g	Robert Schumann was a German composer and influential music critic. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest composers of the Romantic era. Schumann left the study of law, intending to pursue a career as a virtuoso pianist. He had been assured by his teacher Friedrich Wieck that he could become the finest pianist in Europe, but a hand injury ended this dream. Schumann then focused his musical energies on composing.\nSchumann's published compositions were written exclusively for the piano until 1840; he later composed works for piano and orchestra; many Lieder; four symphonies; an opera; and other orchestral, choral, and chamber works. Works such as Kinderszenen, Album für die Jugend, Blumenstück, Sonatas and Albumblätter are among his most famous. His writings about music appeared mostly in the Neue Zeitschrift für Musik, a Leipzig-based publication which he jointly founded.\nIn 1840, against the wishes of her father, Schumann married Friedrich Wieck's daughter Clara, following a long and acrimonious legal battle, which found in favor of Clara and Robert. Clara also composed music and had a considerable concert career as a pianist, the earnings from which formed a substantial part of her father's fortune.
/m/024jwt	Henry Franklin Winkler, OBE is an American actor, director, producer and author.\nWinkler is best known for his role as Fonzie in the 1970s American sitcom Happy Days. \"The Fonz\", a leather-clad greaser and auto mechanic, started out as a minor character at the show's beginning, but had achieved top billing by the time the show ended. He currently stars as Sy Mittleman on Childrens Hospital.
/m/01swck	John Michael Turturro is an Italian-American actor, writer and director known for his roles in the films Do the Right Thing, Miller's Crossing, Barton Fink, Quiz Show, The Big Lebowski, O Brother, Where Art Thou? and the Transformers film series. He has appeared in over sixty films, and has worked frequently with the Coen brothers, Adam Sandler and Spike Lee.
/m/0n0bp	Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American drama film dealing with the Holocaust, with non-combatant war crimes against a civilian population, and with the post-World War II geo-political complexity of the Nuremberg Trials. The picture was written by Abby Mann and directed by Stanley Kramer, and stars Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Maximilian Schell, Werner Klemperer, Marlene Dietrich, Judy Garland, William Shatner, and Montgomery Clift. An earlier version of the story was broadcast as a television episode of Playhouse 90. Schell and Klemperer played the same roles in this version as well.\nWhile the war time persecution and genocide of European Jews is shown and discussed, the incidents and events of the film's plot largely relate to the social; political; and legal foundations; as well as the alleged legitimacy of the actions committed by the German state; against its own racial; social; religious; and eugenic groupings within its borders; “…in the name of the law…”, that began with Hitler's rise to power in 1933.
/m/019tzd	Mountain biking is the sport of riding bicycles off-road, often over rough terrain, using specially designed mountain bikes. Mountain bikes share similarities with other bikes, but incorporate features designed to enhance durability and performance in rough terrain.\nMountain biking can generally be broken down into multiple categories: cross country, trail riding, all mountain, downhill, freeride, slopestyle, dirt jumping, and trials. The vast majority of mountain biking falls into the recreational XC,Trail Riding and Enduro categories.\nThis individual sport requires endurance, core strength and balance, bike handling skills, and self-reliance. Advanced riders pursue steep technical descents and, in the case of freeriding, downhilling, and dirt jumping, aerial maneuvers off both natural features and specially constructed jumps and ramps.\nMountain biking can be performed almost anywhere from a back yard to a gravel road, but the majority of mountain bikers ride off-road trails, whether country back roads, fire roads, or singletrack. There are aspects of mountain biking that are more similar to trail running than regular bicycling. Because riders are often far from civilization, there is a strong ethic of self-reliance in the sport. Riders learn to repair their broken bikes or flat tires to avoid being stranded miles from help. Many riders will carry a backpack, including a water bladder, containing all the essential tools and equipment for trailside repairs, and many riders also carry emergency supplies in the case of injury miles from outside help. Club rides and other forms of group rides are common, especially on longer treks. A combination sport named mountain bike orienteering adds the skill of map navigation to mountain biking.
/m/0r0f7	Inglewood is a city in southwestern Los Angeles County, California, southwest of downtown Los Angeles. It was incorporated on February 14, 1908. Its population stood at 109,673 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. The city is in the South Bay region of the greater Los Angeles area.
/m/028lc8	Ben \"Son\" Johnson, Jr. was an American Academy Award-winning film actor mainly cast in Westerns in the 1940s and 1950s. He was also a world champion rodeo cowboy, stuntman, and rancher.
/m/060__y	A film adaptation is the transfer of a written work, in whole or in part, to a feature film. It is a type of derivative work.\nA common form of film adaptation is the use of a novel as the basis of a feature film. Other works adapted into films include non-fiction, autobiography, comic books, scriptures, plays, historical sources, and even other films. From the earliest days of cinema, in nineteenth-century Europe, adaptation from such diverse resources has been a ubiquitous practice of film-making.
/m/020ffd	Meredith Vieira is an award winning TV journalist, TV personality and game show host. She is currently the co host of the number one morning show The Today Show. She took over the co hosting duties in 2006. She also hosts the game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire since 2002. Meredith previously was one of the co-host of The View from 1997 to 2006.
/m/02bc74	Joshua Winslow \"Josh\" Groban is an American singer, songwriter, musician, actor, and record producer. His first four solo albums have been certified multi-platinum, and in 2007, he was charted as the number-one best selling artist in the United States with over 21 million records in the nation. To date, he has sold over 25 million records worldwide.\nGroban originally studied acting, but moved to singing as his voice developed. Groban attended the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts, a free public school on the campus of California State University, Los Angeles, where students receive a conservatory-style education. His life changed when his vocal coach, Seth Riggs, submitted a tape of Josh singing, \"All I Ask of You,\" from The Phantom of the Opera, to Riggs' friend, producer, composer and arranger David Foster. Foster called him to stand in for an ailing Andrea Bocelli to rehearse a duet, \"The Prayer,\" with Celine Dion at the rehearsal for the Grammy Awards in 1998. Rosie O'Donnell immediately invited him to appear on her talk show. Foster asked him to sing at the California Governor's Gray Davis' 1999 inauguration. He was cast on Ally McBeal by the show's creator, David E. Kelley, performing \"You're Still You\" for the 2001 season finale.
/m/016gr2	Sir Derek George Jacobi CBE is an English actor and stage director.\nA \"forceful, commanding stage presence\", Jacobi has enjoyed a highly successful stage career, appearing in such stage productions as Hamlet, Uncle Vanya, and Oedipus the King. He has twice been awarded a Laurence Olivier Award, first for his performance of the eponymous hero in Cyrano de Bergerac in 1983 and the second for his Malvolio in Twelfth Night in 2009. He also received a Tony Award for his performance in Much Ado About Nothing in 1984 and a Primetime Emmy Award in 1988 for the Tenth man. His stage work includes playing Octavius Caesar, Edward II, Richard III, and Thomas Becket.\nIn addition to being a founder member of the Royal National Theatre and winning several prestigious theatre awards, Jacobi has also enjoyed a successful television career, starring in the critically praisedadaptation of Robert Graves's I, Claudius, for which he won a BAFTA; the titular role in the acclaimed medieval drama series Cadfael, and Stanley Baldwin in The Gathering Storm. Though principally a stage actor, Jacobi has appeared in a number of films, such as Henry V, Dead Again, Gladiator, Gosford Park, The Golden Compass, The King's Speech, My Week with Marilyn, and the forthcoming Hippie Hippie Shake. He holds a British knighthood and has been appointed a Knight 1st Class of the Order of the Dannebrog.
/m/01q03	A cult film, also commonly referred to as a cult classic, is a film that has acquired a cult following. Cult films are known for their dedicated, passionate fanbase, an elaborate subculture that engage in repeated viewings, quoting dialogue, and audience participation. Inclusive definitions allow for major Hollywood productions, especially box office bombs, while exclusive definitions focus more on obscure, transgressive films, shunned by the mainstream. The difficulty in defining the term and subjectivity of what qualifies as a cult film mirror classificatory disputes about art. The term cult movie as well as midnight movie was first used by critics and viewers in 1970, for the New York premiere of El Topo by Alejandro Jodorowsky.\nCult films trace their origin back to controversial and suppressed films kept alive by dedicated fans. In some cases, reclaimed or rediscovered films have acquired cult followings decades after their original release, sometimes for their camp value. Some cult films have since become well-respected or reassessed as classics; there is debate as to whether these popular and accepted films are still cult films. After failing in the cinema, some cult films have become regular fixtures on cable television or big sellers on home video. Others have inspired their own film festivals.
/m/0gnbw	Sir Michael Caine, CBE is an English actor and author. Renowned for his distinctive Cockney accent, Caine has appeared in over 115 films and is one of the UK's most recognisable actors.\nHe made his breakthrough in the 1960s with starring roles in a number of acclaimed British films, including Zulu, The Ipcress File, Alfie, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award, The Italian Job, and Battle of Britain. His most notable roles in the 1970s included Get Carter, Sleuth, for which he earned his second Academy Award nomination, The Man Who Would Be King, and A Bridge Too Far. He achieved some of his greatest critical success in the 1980s, with Educating Rita earning him the BAFTA and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. In 1986 he received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Woody Allen's Hannah and Her Sisters.\nCaine played Ebenezer Scrooge in The Muppet Christmas Carol. Having by that time practically retired from acting on the big screen, he enjoyed a career resurgence in the late 1990s receiving his second Golden Globe Award for his performance in Little Voice in 1998 and receiving his second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for The Cider House Rules the following year. Caine played Nigel Powers in the 2002 parody Austin Powers in Goldmember, and more recently portrayed Alfred Pennyworth, the butler in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Trilogy. He also appeared as a supporting character in Alfonso Cuaron's Children of Men, Nolan's 2006 film The Prestige, the 2010 film Inception and Pixar's 2011 film Cars 2.
/m/017180	Quills is a 2000 period film directed by Philip Kaufman and adapted from the Obie award-winning play by Doug Wright, who also wrote the original screenplay. Inspired by the life and work of the Marquis de Sade, Quills re-imagines the last years of the Marquis' incarceration in the insane asylum at Charenton. It stars Geoffrey Rush as the Marquis de Sade, Joaquin Phoenix as the Abbé du Coulmier, Michael Caine as Dr. Royer-Collard, and Kate Winslet as laundress Madeleine \"Maddie\" LeClerc.\nWell received by critics, Quills garnered numerous accolades for Rush, including nominations for an Oscar and a Golden Globe. The film was a modest art house success, averaging $27,709 per screen its debut weekend, and eventually grossing $17,989,277 internationally. Cited by historians as factually inaccurate, Quills filmmakers and writers said they were not making a biography of de Sade, but exploring issues such as censorship, pornography, sex, art, mental illness, and religion. It was released with an 18 rating from the British Board of Film Classification due to \"strong horror, violence, sex, sexual violence, and nudity\".
/m/04bdlg	Mako Iwamatsu was a Japanese-born American actor and voice artist who has been nominated for numerous awards. Many of his acting roles credited him simply as Mako where he omits his surname. He is known for his acting role as Po-Han in The Sand Pebbles, Akiro the Wizard in both Conan the Barbarian and Conan the Destroyer and his voice roles as Iroh from Avatar: The Last Airbender, Aku from Samurai Jack, and Splinter from TMNT.\nHe has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7095 Hollywood Blvd.
/m/027dtxw	Best Actor in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a film. Actors of all nationalities are eligible to receive the award.\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award.\n\"‡\" indicates a nominee who was nominated for an Academy Award.
/m/07gyv	Taekwondo or is a Korean martial art. It combines combat and self-defense techniques with sport and exercise. Gyeorugi, a type of sparring, has been an Olympic event since 2000. Taekwondo was developed by a variety of Korean masters during the 1940s as partial combination of taekkyeon, Okinawan karate and other traditions.\nThe name taekwondo was coined by either Choi Hong Hi or by Duk Sung Son. The World Taekwondo Federation claims that taekwondo development was a collaborative effort by a council consisting of members from the nine original kwans, while the International Taekwon-Do Federation credits Choi Hong Hi solely.\nTraditional taekwondo typically refers to the martial art as it was established in the 1950s and 1960s in the South Korean military, and in various civilian organizations, including schools and universities. In particular, the names and symbolism of the both the traditional patterns and the newer poomsae often refer to elements of Korean history, culture and religious philosophy. The symbolism is replicated in the Korean flag.\nSport taekwondo has developed in the decades since the 1950s and may have a somewhat different focus, especially in terms of its emphasis on speed and competition. Sport taekwondo is in turn subdivided into two main styles. One style is practiced by International Taekwon-Do adherents and was created in 1955 by Choi Hong Hi. The other style derives from Kukkiwon, the source of the sparring system sihap gyeorugi. This style is now an event at the summer Olympic Games and is governed by the World Taekwondo Federation. The Kukkiwon - or World Taekwondo Headquarters - is the traditional center for WTF taekwondo and was founded in 1973 by Dr. Kim Un Yong.
/m/08_83x	Amy Nuttall is an English actress and singer most notable for playing the role of Chloe Atkinson in the long-running ITV soap opera Emmerdale from 2000 until 2005.
/m/0gp9mp	Russell Metty, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer who won the Academy Award Best Cinematography, Color, for the 1960 film Spartacus.
/m/07l2m	The Tennessee Titans are a professional football team, one of the 32 franchises of the National Football League. Based in Nashville, Tennessee, the Titans are members of the South Division of the American Football Conference. Previously known as the Houston Oilers, the team began play in 1960 in Houston as a charter member of the American Football League. The Oilers won the first two AFL championships, and joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger in 1970.\nThe team relocated from Texas to Tennessee in 1997, and played at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis for one season. They moved to Nashville in 1998 and played in Vanderbilt Stadium. For those two years, the team was known as the Tennessee Oilers, and changed its name to \"Titans\" in 1999. The team plays at LP Field in Nashville, which opened in 1999 as Adelphia Coliseum. The Titans' training facility is at Saint Thomas Sports Park, a 31-acre site at the MetroCenter complex, located just north of downtown Nashville, about 5 miles from LP Field.
/m/01_wfj	Porcupine Tree are an English rock band formed by musician Steven Wilson in 1987. The band began essentially as a solo project for Wilson, who created all of the band's music. However, by 1993, Wilson desired to work in a band environment, and so brought on frequent collaborators Richard Barbieri on keyboards, Colin Edwin on bass guitar and Chris Maitland on drums as permanent band members. With Wilson still in charge of guitar and lead vocals, this would remain the lineup until 2001, when the band recruited Gavin Harrison to replace Maitland on drums.\nPorcupine Tree's early sound evokes a style of psychedelic rock comparable to that of progressive rock band Pink Floyd. Upon signing with Kscope record label in the late 1990s, the band approached a more mainstream alternative rock sound. By the early 2000s, the band signed to a major record label and shifted their sound again, this time in a more progressive metal direction.\nAfter the release and tour in support of their tenth studio album, The Incident, the band became inactive as Wilson began to focus on his solo career. While not formally broken up, they also have no particular reformation plans beyond \"someday\", with members all working on separate projects, and Wilson committing himself to his solo work through most of 2015.
/m/04ch23	Girish Raghunath Karnad is a contemporary writer, playwright, screenwriter, actor and movie director in Kannada language. His rise as a playwright in 1960s, marked the coming of age of Modern Indian playwriting in Kannada, just as Badal Sarkar did in Bengali, Vijay Tendulkar in Marathi, and Mohan Rakesh in Hindi. He is a recipient of the 1998 Jnanpith Award, the highest literary honour conferred in India.\nFor four decades Karnad has been composing plays, often using history and mythology to tackle contemporary issues. He has translated his plays into English and has received acclaim. His plays have been translated into some Indian languages and directed by directors like Ebrahim Alkazi, B. V. Karanth, Alyque Padamsee, Prasanna, Arvind Gaur, Satyadev Dubey, Vijaya Mehta, Shyamanand Jalan and Amal Allana. He is active in the world of Indian cinema working as an actor, director, and screenwriter, in Hindi and Kannada flicks, earning awards along the way. He was conferred Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan by the Government of India and won four Filmfare Awards where three are Filmfare Award for Best Director - Kannada and one Filmfare Best Screenplay Award.
/m/01r9fv	Patricia Mae Andrzejewski, known professionally as Pat Benatar, is an American singer and four-time Grammy Award winner. She is a mezzo-soprano. She has had considerable commercial success, particularly in the United States. During the 1980s, Benatar had two RIAA-certified Multi-Platinum albums, five RIAA-certified Platinum albums, three RIAA-certified Gold albums and 14 Top 40 singles, including the Top 10 hits, \"Hit Me with Your Best Shot\", \"Love Is a Battlefield\", \"We Belong\" and \"Invincible\". Benatar was one of the most heavily played artists in the early days of MTV. She was the first woman to play on MTV performing, \"You Better Run\".
/m/05c26ss	Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated comedy film, produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the third installment of the Madagascar series, and it is the first in the series to be released in 3D. The film is directed by Eric Darnell, Tom McGrath and Conrad Vernon. Its world premiere was at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival on May 18, 2012.\nAlex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still struggling to get home to New York. This time, their journey takes them to Europe where they are relentlessly pursued by the murderous Monaco-based French Animal Control officer Captain Chantel Dubois. As a means of getting passage to North America, the zoo animals purchase a failing traveling circus as they become close friends, including Gia, Vitaly, and Stefano. Together, they spectacularly revitalize the business and along the way find themselves reconsidering where their true home really is.\nThe film was released on June 8, 2012, to critical and commercial success; it is the best-reviewed film in the series, with a 79% \"Certified Fresh\" approval rating on the review aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes. It is also the highest-grossing Madagascar film with a worldwide gross of over $746 million.
/m/07tgn	The University of Oxford is a collegiate research university located in Oxford, England, United Kingdom.\nWhile Oxford has no known date of foundation, there is evidence of teaching as far back as 1096, making it the oldest university in the English-speaking world, and the world's second-oldest surviving university. It grew rapidly from 1167 when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris. After disputes between students and Oxford townsfolk in 1209, some academics fled northeast to Cambridge, where they established what became the University of Cambridge. The two \"ancient universities\" are frequently jointly referred to as \"Oxbridge\".\nThe University is made up from a variety of institutions, including 38 constituent colleges and a full range of academic departments which are organised into four Divisions. Most undergraduate teaching at Oxford is organised around weekly tutorials at the self-governing colleges and halls, supported by classes, lectures and laboratory work provided by university faculties and departments. Oxford has nurtured many prominent alumni and 58 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university. It regularly contends with Cambridge for the first place in the UK league tables.
/m/04994l	Football Club de Metz, commonly referred to as simply Metz, is a French association football club based in Metz. The club was formed in 1932 and has spent most of its history in the Ligue 1, though they currently play in the Ligue 2, the second level in the French football league system. Metz plays its home matches at the Stade Municipal Saint-Symphorien located within the city. The team is managed by former FC Metz player Albert Cartier.
/m/01g03q	Six Feet Under is an American drama television series created and produced by Alan Ball. It premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on June 3, 2001 and ended on August 21, 2005, spanning five seasons and 63 episodes. The show was produced by Actual Size Films and The Greenblatt/Janollari Studio and was shot on location in Los Angeles and in Hollywood studios. The show depicts members of the Fisher family, who run their funeral home in Los Angeles, and their friends and lovers. The series traces these characters' lives over the course of five years. The ensemble drama stars Peter Krause, Michael C. Hall, Frances Conroy, Lauren Ambrose, Freddy Rodriguez, Mathew St. Patrick, and Rachel Griffiths as the show's seven central characters.\nSix Feet Under received widespread critical acclaim, particularly for its writing and acting, and consistently drew high ratings for the HBO network. The series has since been included on Time magazine's \"All-TIME 100 TV Shows\", as well as Empire magazine's \"50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time\" list. It has also been described as having one of the finest series finales in the history of television. It won numerous awards, including nine Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and a Peabody Award.
/m/085jw	Woodwind instruments are a family of musical instruments within the more general category of wind instruments. There are two main types of woodwind instruments: flutes and reed instruments. What differentiates these instruments from other wind instruments is the way in which they produce their sound.
/m/02gsvk	The Indian rupee is the official currency of the Republic of India. The issuance of the currency is controlled by the Reserve Bank of India.\nThe modern rupee is subdivided into 100 paise, though as of 2011 only 50-paise coins are legal tender. Banknotes in circulation come in denominations of ₹5, ₹10, ₹20, ₹50, ₹100, ₹500 and ₹1000. Rupee coins are available in denominations of ₹1, ₹2, ₹5, ₹10, ₹20, ₹50, ₹75, ₹100, ₹150 and ₹1000; the coins for ₹20 and above are for commemorative purposes only; the only other rupee coin has a nominal value of 50 paise, since lower denominations have been officially withdrawn.\nThe Indian rupee symbol '₹' is derived from the Devanagari consonant \"र\" and the Latin letter \"R\". The first series of coins with the rupee symbol was launched on 8 July 2011.\nThe Reserve Bank manages currency in India and derives its role in currency management on the basis of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Recently RBI launched a website Paisa-Bolta-Hai to raise awareness of counterfeit currency among users of the INR.
/m/022411	Marcia Gay Harden is an American film and theatre actress.\nHarden's breakthrough role was in Miller's Crossing and then The First Wives Club which was followed by several roles which gained her wider fame including the comedy Flubber and Meet Joe Black. She received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Lee Krasner in Pollock. She has starred in a string of successful mainstream and independent movies, such as Space Cowboys, Into the Wild, and The Mist, for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nHarden's recent credits include Lasse Hallström's film The Hoax, opposite Richard Gere, and Hollywood Pictures' The Invisible, directed by David S Goyer. She was also recently seen in Lakeshore Entertainment's The Dead Girl, directed by Karen Moncrieff and starring Toni Colette, Kerry Washington, Mary Steenburgen, and Brittany Murphy. In 2009, Harden received a Tony Award for the Broadway play God of Carnage. She has also twice been nominated for an Emmy Award.
/m/07zmj	The Venice Film Festival or Venice International Film Festival is the oldest international film festival in the world. Founded by Count Giuseppe Volpi in 1932 as the \"Esposizione Internazionale d'Arte Cinematografica\", the festival has since taken place every year in late August or early September on the island of the Lido, Venice, Italy. Screenings take place in the historic Palazzo del Cinema on the Lungomare Marconi and in other venues nearby. It is one of the world's most prestigious film festivals and is part of the Venice Biennale, for over a century one of the most prestigious cultural institutions in the world. It is known world-wide for the International Film Festival, the International Art Exhibition and the International Architecture Exhibition, and continues the great tradition of the Festival of Contemporary Music, the Theatre Festival, now flanked by the Festival of Contemporary Dance.\nThe Film Festival's principal awards are the Leone d'Oro, which is awarded to the best film screened in competition at the festival, the Leone d'Argento for the Best Director, and the Coppa Volpi, which is awarded to the best actor and actress. The Jury may also choose to award a Special Lion for an overall work to a director or actor of a film presented in the main competition section.
/m/0pmpl	Regina is the capital city of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The city is the second-largest in the province and a cultural and commercial centre for southern Saskatchewan. It is governed by Regina City Council. Regina is the cathedral city of the Roman Catholic and Romanian Orthodox Dioceses of Regina and the Anglican Diocese of Qu'Appelle. Citizens of Regina are referred to as Reginans. The city is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Sherwood No. 159. In 2013, Regina was named the 6th best Canadian mid-sized city in which to live by MoneySense magazine.\nRegina was previously the seat of government of the North-West Territories, of which the current provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta originally formed part, and of the District of Assiniboia. The site having previously been Wascana, it was re-named named in 1882 after Queen Victoria, Victoria Regina, by her daughter Princess Louise, wife of the Marquess of Lorne, then the Governor General of Canada.\nUnlike other planned cities in the Canadian West, on its treeless flat plain Regina has few topographical features other than the small spring run-off Wascana Creek. Early planners took advantage of such opportunity by damming the creek to create a decorative lake to the south of the central business district with a dam a block and a half west of the later elaborate 840-foot long Albert Street Bridge across the new lake. Regina's importance was further secured when the new province of Saskatchewan designated the city its capital in 1906. Wascana Centre, created around the focal point of Wascana Lake, remains one of Regina's attraction and contains the Provincial Legislative Building, both campuses of the University of Regina, the provincial museum of natural history, the Regina Conservatory, the Saskatchewan Science Centre, the Norman MacKenzie Art Gallery and the Saskatchewan Centre of the Arts.
/m/01pbwwl	Anthony George Newley was an English actor, singer and songwriter. Newley achieved success as a performer in such diverse fields as rock and roll and stage and screen acting. As a recording artist he enjoyed a dozen Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart between 1959 and 1962, including two number one hits. With songwriting partner Leslie Bricusse, Newley penned \"Feeling Good\", which was popularised by Nina Simone and covered by many other popular artists; as well as the title song of 1964 film Goldfinger. Bricusse and Newley received an Academy Award nomination for the film score of Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.\nNewley was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1989.
/m/035qy	Greece, officially the Hellenic Republic and known since ancient times as Hellas, is a country in Southern Europe. According to the 2011 census, Greece's population is around 11 million. Athens is the nation's capital and largest city.\nGreece is strategically located at the crossroads of Europe, Western Asia, and Africa, and shares land borders with Albania to the northwest, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north and Turkey to the northeast. The country consists of nine geographic regions: Macedonia, Central Greece, the Peloponnese, Thessaly, Epirus, the Aegean Islands, Thrace, Crete, and the Ionian Islands. The Aegean Sea lies to the east of the mainland, the Ionian Sea to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. Greece has the longest coastline on the Mediterranean Basin and the 11th longest coastline in the world at 13,676 km in length, featuring a vast number of islands. Eighty percent of Greece consists of mountains, of which Mount Olympus is the highest, at 2,917 m.
/m/0l2k7	Merced County, is a county located in the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California, north of Fresno and southeast of San Jose. As of the 2010 census, the population was 255,793, up from 210,554 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Merced. The county is named after the Merced River.
/m/0lkr7	Nicholas King \"Nick\" Nolte is an American actor. His films include The Deep, 48 Hrs., Down and Out in Beverly Hills, Another 48 Hrs., The Prince of Tides, Cape Fear, Lorenzo's Oil, Affliction, The Thin Red Line, Hulk, The Good Thief, and Warrior. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards, twice for Best Actor and once for Best Supporting Actor. Currently, Nolte is starring in a biopic about Jerry Sandusky, a former Penn State University defensive coordinator. The film is set during the Christmas holiday, and is slated to be titled \"Santadusky.\"
/m/0zgfm	Hillsboro is the fifth-largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon and is the county seat of Washington County. Lying in the Tualatin Valley on the west side of the Portland metropolitan area, the city hosts many high-technology companies, such as Intel, that comprise what has become known as the Silicon Forest. At the 2010 Census, the city's population was 91,611.\nFor thousands of years before the arrival of European-American settlers, the Atfalati tribe of the Kalapuya lived in the Tualatin Valley near the later site of Hillsboro. The climate, moderated by the Pacific Ocean, helped make the region suitable for fishing, hunting, food gathering, and agriculture. Settlers founded a community here in 1842, later named after David Hill, an Oregon politician. Transportation by riverboat on the Tualatin River was part of Hillsboro's settler economy. A railroad reached the area in the early 1870s and an interurban electric railway about four decades later. These railways, as well as highways, aided the slow growth of the city to about 2,000 people by 1910 and about 5,000 by 1950, before the arrival of high-tech companies in the 1980s.\nHillsboro has a council–manager government consisting of a city manager and a city council headed by a mayor. In addition to high-tech industry, sectors important to Hillsboro's economy are health care, retail sales, and agriculture, including grapes and wineries. The city operates more than twenty parks and the mixed-use Hillsboro Stadium, and nine sites in the city are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Modes of transportation include private vehicles, public buses and light rail, and aircraft using the Hillsboro Airport. The city is home to Pacific University's Health Professions Campus. Notable residents include two Oregon governors.
/m/04rcl7	Walt Disney Animation Studios, headquartered in Burbank, California, is an American animation studio which creates animated feature films, short films, and television specials for The Walt Disney Company. Founded on October 16, 1923, it is a unit of The Walt Disney Studios. The studio has produced 53 feature films, beginning with Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and its most recent being Frozen.\nOriginally founded as Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio and later incorporated as Walt Disney Productions in 1929, the studio was exclusively dedicated to production of short films until expanding into feature production in 1934. During The Walt Disney Company's corporate restructuring in 1986, the studio officially started operating under the name Walt Disney Feature Animation. It took on its current name in 2006, when it was folded under The Walt Disney Studios alongside Pixar Animation Studios, which was acquired by Disney in the same year.\nFor much of its existence, the studio was recognized as the premier American animation studio and developed many of the techniques which became standard practices of traditional animation. The studio's catalog of animated features are among Disney's most notable assets, and the stars of its animated shorts—Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, and Pluto—have gone on to become recognizable figures in popular culture, as well as becoming mascots for The Walt Disney Company as a whole.
/m/03_gd	James Francis Cameron is a Canadian film director, film producer, deep-sea explorer, screenwriter, and editor who has directed the two biggest box office films of all time. He first found success with the science-fiction hit The Terminator. He then became a popular Hollywood director and was hired to write and direct Aliens; three years later he followed up with The Abyss.\nHe found further critical acclaim for his use of special effects in Terminator 2: Judgment Day. After his film True Lies Cameron took on his biggest film at the time, Titanic, which earned him Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director and Film Editing. After Titanic, Cameron began a project that took almost 10 years to make: his science-fiction epic Avatar, for which he received the three same Academy Award nominations. In the time between making Titanic and Avatar, Cameron spent several years creating many documentary films and co-developed the digital 3D Fusion Camera System. Described by a biographer as part-scientist and part-artist, Cameron has also contributed to underwater filming and remote vehicle technologies. On March 26, 2012, Cameron reached the bottom of the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the ocean, in the Deepsea Challenger submersible. He is the first person to do this in a solo descent, and is only the third person to do so ever.
/m/01wd9lv	Quincy Delight Jones, Jr. is an American record producer, conductor, arranger, composer, television producer, film producer, instrumentalist, magazine founder, record company executive, humanitarian, and jazz trumpeter. His career spans six decades in the entertainment industry and a record 79 Grammy Award nominations, 27 Grammys, including a Grammy Legend Award in 1991.\nIn 1968, Jones and his songwriting partner Bob Russell became the first African-Americans to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song, their \"The Eyes of Love\" for the Universal Pictures film Banning. That same year, he became the first African-American to be nominated twice within the same year for an Academy Award for Best Original Score, as he was also nominated for his work on the film In Cold Blood. In 1971, Jones was the first African-American to be named as the musical director/conductor of the Academy Awards ceremony. In 1995 he was the first African-American to receive the Academy's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. He is tied with sound designer Willie D. Burton as the African-American who has been nominated for the most Oscars; each has received seven nominations.
/m/054_mz	Lawrence Bender is an American film producer. He rose to fame by producing Reservoir Dogs in 1992 and has since produced all of Quentin Tarantino's films with the exception of Death Proof and Django Unchained.
/m/02mc79	Keenen Ivory Wayans, Sr is an American actor, comedian, director and writer known as the host and creator of the Fox sketch comedy series In Living Color. Wayans is the director/creator of Scary Movie, the highest grossing movie ever directed by an African American. He briefly hosted his own show called The Keenen Ivory Wayans Show.
/m/077g7n	The One Hundred Thirteenth United States Congress is the current meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government. It is composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives based on the results of the 2012 Senate elections and the 2012 House elections. The seats in the House were apportioned based on the 2010 United States Census. It first met in Washington, D.C. on January 3, 2013, and is scheduled to end on January 3, 2015. Senators elected to regular terms in 2008 are in the last two years of those terms during this Congress.\nAt its outset, this Congress had 43 African American members, and a record high number of female and LGBT members; however, only 19% of its members have active duty military service background, which is down from 80% in 1977. According to a Gallup Poll released in July 2013, the 113th Congress had the highest disapproval rating of any Congress since 1974, when data first started being collected: 78% of Americans surveyed said that they disapproved of the job Congress was doing, while only 15% said that they approved. In October 2013, during the government shutdown, this slipped to ten percent approval according to several polls.
/m/0vm4s	Royal Oak is a city in Oakland County of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a suburb of Detroit. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 57,236. It is the 8th-largest municipality in Oakland County and the 27th largest municipality in Michigan by population.
/m/05y5kf	Hugh Richard Bonneville Williams, known professionally as Hugh Bonneville, is an English stage, film, television and radio actor. He is best known for starring in the ITV hit television series Downton Abbey and the BBC London Olympics mockumentary comedy series Twenty Twelve.\nBonneville also starred as Bernie in Notting Hill. From 2011, he has been the narrator of the Channel 4 show The Hotel, for all three series. In 2013, he made a brief appearance as the Duke of Milan for the opening episode of Da Vinci's Demons.
/m/0flddp	Henry King was an American film director.\nBefore coming to film, King worked as an actor in various repertoire theatres, and first started to take small film roles in 1912. He directed for the first time in 1915, and grew to become one of the most commercially successful Hollywood directors of the 1920s and 1930s. He was twice nominated for the Best Director Oscar. In 1944, he was awarded the first Golden Globe Award for Best Director for his film The Song of Bernadette. He worked most often with Tyrone Power and Gregory Peck and for 20th Century Fox.\nHenry King was one of the 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which awards excellence of cinematic achievements every year. He directed over 100 films in his career.\nIn 1955, King was awarded The George Eastman Award, given by George Eastman House for distinguished contribution to the art of film.\nDuring World War II, King served as the deputy commander of the Civil Air Patrol coastal patrol base in Brownsville, TX, holding the grade of captain. In his final years, he was the oldest licensed private pilot in the United States, having obtained his license in 1918.
/m/02sgy	An electric guitar is a guitar that uses a pickup to convert the vibration of its strings into electrical impulses. The most common guitar pickup uses the principle of direct electromagnetic induction. The signal generated by an electric guitar is too weak to drive a loudspeaker, so it is amplified before sending it to a loudspeaker. Since the output of an electric guitar is an electric signal, the signal may easily be altered using electronic circuits to add \"color\" to the sound. Often the signal is modified using effects such as reverb and distortion.\nInvented in 1931, the electric guitar became a necessity as jazz musicians sought to amplify their sound in the big band format. During the 1950s and 1960s, the electric guitar became the most important instrument in pop music. It has evolved into a stringed musical instrument that is capable of a multitude of sounds and styles. It served as a major component in the development of rock and roll and many other genres of music.
/m/0jjy0	Signs is a 2002 American science fiction thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Executive producers for the film comprised Shyamalan, Frank Marshall, Kathleen Kennedy and Sam Mercer. On August 2, 2002, the original motion picture soundtrack, which was composed by James Newton Howard, was released by the Hollywood Records label. A joint collective effort to commit to the film's production was made by Touchstone Pictures, Blinding Edge Pictures, and the Kennedy/Marshall Company. It was commercially distributed by Buena Vista Pictures theatrically, and by Touchstone Home Entertainment in home media format.\nThe story focuses on a former Episcopal priest named Graham Hess who discovers a series of crop circles in his cornfield. Hess slowly becomes convinced that the phenomena are a result of extraterrestrial life. It stars Mel Gibson, Joaquin Phoenix, Rory Culkin and Abigail Breslin. Signs explores faith, kinship and extraterrestrials.\nFollowing its premiere in theatres nationwide on August 2, 2002, the film grossed $227,966,634 in domestic ticket receipts screening at 3,453 theatres during its widest release. It earned an additional $180,281,283 in business through international release to top out at a combined $408,247,917 in gross revenue. The film was nominated for multiple awards, including those from the Online Film Critics Society and the Empire Awards. The film also won an award from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
/m/047n8xt	Bright Star is a 2009 film based on the last three years of the life of poet John Keats and his romantic relationship with Fanny Brawne. It stars Ben Whishaw as Keats and Abbie Cornish as Fanny. A British/Australian co-production, it was directed by Jane Campion, who wrote the screenplay and was inspired by the biography of Keats by Andrew Motion, who served as a script consultant on the film. The film competed in the main competition at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival, and was first shown to the public on 15 May 2009. The film's title is a reference to a sonnet by Keats named \"Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art\", which he wrote while he was with Brawne.
/m/0686zv	Dominic Gerard Fe West is an English actor best known for his role as Detective Jimmy McNulty in the HBO drama series The Wire.
/m/0170k0	Batman: The Animated Series is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics superhero Batman. The series was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and originally aired on the Fox Network from September 5, 1992 to September 15, 1995. The visual style of the series, dubbed \"Dark Deco,\" was based on the film noir artwork of producer and artist Bruce Timm. The series was widely praised for its thematic complexity, dark tone, artistic quality, and faithfulness to its title character's crime-fighting origins. The series also won four Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Animated Program.\nWhen the first season of the series aired on weekday afternoons, it lacked an on-screen title in the opening theme sequence. When the series' timeslot was moved to weekends during its second season, it was given the on-screen title The Adventures of Batman & Robin. The series was the first in the continuity of the shared DC animated universe, and spawned the theatrical film Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. In 2013, TV Guide ranked Batman the Animated Series the seventh Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time.
/m/01ysy9	A diploma is a certificate or deed issued by an educational institution, such as a university, that testifies that the recipient has successfully completed a particular course of study or confers an academic degree. In countries such as the United Kingdom and Australia, the word diploma refers to a level of academic award. The words diplomat and diplomacy have the same origin, from the official \"folded papers\" of accreditation delivered by ambassadors or delegates.\nIn some countries, such as the UK and Australia, such a document can be called a testimonium or testamur, Latin for \"we testify\" or \"certify\", and so called from the word with which the certificate begins. In Ireland, it is generally called a parchment. The certificate that a Nobel laureate receives is also called a diploma.\nThe term diploma is also used in some historical contexts, to refer to documents signed by a King affirming a grant or tenure of specified land and its conditions.
/m/06sks6	The 2012 Summer Olympics, formally the Games of the XXX Olympiad and commonly known as London 2012, was a major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games, as governed by the International Olympic Committee. It took place in London, United Kingdom and a lesser extent across the country from 25 July to 12 August 2012. The first event, the group stage in women's football began on 25 July at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. More than 10,000 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees participated. It was officially started however on Friday 27 July 2012 at 0:00.\nFollowing a bid headed by former Olympic champion Sebastian Coe and then-Mayor of London Ken Livingstone, London was selected as the host city on 6 July 2005 during the 117th IOC Session in Singapore, defeating bids from Moscow, New York City, Madrid and Paris. London was the first city to host the modern Olympic Games three times, having previously done so in 1908 and in 1948.\nConstruction for the Games involved considerable redevelopment, with an emphasis on sustainability. The main focus was a new 200-hectare Olympic Park, constructed on a former industrial site at Stratford, East London. The Games also made use of venues that already existed before the bid.
/m/02qk3fk	P.S. I Love You is a 2007 American drama film directed by Richard LaGravenese. The screenplay by LaGravenese and Steven Rogers is based on the 2004 novel of the same name by Cecelia Ahern. The film is dedicated to the memory of producer Molly Smith's sister Windland Smith Rice.
/m/0m491	Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a 1986 American coming-of-age comedy film written, produced and directed by John Hughes.\nThe film follows high school senior Ferris Bueller, who decides to skip school and spend the day in downtown Chicago. Accompanied by his girlfriend Sloane Peterson and his best friend Cameron Frye, he creatively avoids his school's Dean of Students Edward Rooney, his resentful sister Jeanie, and his parents. During the film, Bueller frequently breaks the fourth wall by speaking directly to the camera to explain to the audience his thoughts and techniques.\nHughes wrote the screenplay in less than a week and shot the film—on a budget of $5.8 million—over several months in late 1985. Featuring many famous Chicago landmarks including the then Sears Tower and the Art Institute of Chicago, the film was Hughes' love letter to the city: \"I really wanted to capture as much of Chicago as I could. Not just in the architecture and landscape, but the spirit.\"\nReleased by Paramount Pictures on June 11, 1986, Ferris Bueller's Day Off became one of the top-grossing films of the year and was enthusiastically received by critics and audiences alike.
/m/0778p	Seattle University is a Jesuit Catholic university located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA.\nSU is the largest independent university in the Northwest US, with over 7,500 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate programs within eight schools, and is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. U.S. News & World Report, in its \"Best Colleges 2011,\" ranked Seattle University 6th out of Non-PhD schools in the West that offer a full range of programs up to Master's degree.
/m/02jp5r	The 70th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1997 in the United States and took place on March 23, 1998, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, which was televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the sixth time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990, and he had hosted the previous year's ceremony. Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on February 28, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Ashley Judd.\nTitanic won a record-tying eleven awards including Best Director for James Cameron and Best Picture. Other winners included As Good as It Gets, Good Will Hunting and L.A. Confidential with two awards, and Amazon, The Full Monty, Geri's Game, Karakter, The Long Way Home, Men in Black, and A Story of Healing with one. The telecast garnered more than 57 million viewers in the United States, making it the most watched telecast in history.
/m/040njc	This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Film, BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language and Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film for each year, in addition to the retired earlier versions of those awards. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts, is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for film, television, children's film and television, and interactive media. Since 1948, selected films have been awarded with the BAFTA award for Best Film at an annual ceremony.
/m/02sjgpq	The California Institute of Technology is a private research university located in Pasadena, California, United States. Caltech has six academic divisions with strong emphases on science and engineering. Its 124-acre primary campus is located approximately 11 mi northeast of downtown Los Angeles.\nAlthough founded as a preparatory and vocational school by Amos G. Throop in 1891, the college attracted influential scientists such as George Ellery Hale, Arthur Amos Noyes, and Robert Andrews Millikan in the early 20th century. The vocational and preparatory schools were disbanded and spun off in 1910, and the college assumed its present name in 1921. In 1934, Caltech was elected to the Association of American Universities, and the antecedents of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which Caltech continues to manage and operate, were established between 1936 and 1943 under Theodore von Kármán. The university is one among a small group of Institutes of Technology in the United States which tends to be primarily devoted to the instruction of technical arts and applied sciences.\nDespite its small size, 32 Caltech alumni and faculty have won a total of 33 Nobel Prizes and 70 have won the United States National Medal of Science or Technology. There are 112 faculty members who have been elected to the National Academies. In addition, numerous faculty members are associated with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute as well as NASA. Caltech managed $332 million in 2011 in sponsored research and $1.85 billion for its endowment in 2013. It also has a long standing rivalry with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
/m/01s5q	Capital punishment or the death penalty is a legal process whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The judicial decree that someone be punished in this manner is a death sentence, while the actual enforcement is an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital originates from the Latin capitalis, literally \"regarding the head\".\nCapital punishment has, in the past, been practised by most societies, as a punishment for criminals, and political or religious dissidents. Historically, the carrying out of the death sentence was often accompanied by torture, and executions were most often public.\nCurrently 58 nations actively practise capital punishment, 98 countries have abolished it de jure for all crimes, 7 have abolished it for ordinary crimes only, and 35 have abolished it de facto . Amnesty International considers most countries abolitionist; overall, the organisation considers 140 countries to be abolitionist in law or practice. About 90% of all executions in the world take place in Asia.
/m/01p45_v	Robert Michael Nesmith is an American musician, songwriter, actor, producer, novelist, businessman, and philanthropist, best known as a member of the rock band The Monkees and co-star of The Monkees TV series. Nesmith is a songwriter, including \"Different Drum\", and executive producer of the cult film Repo Man. He also is credited with creating the genre of the music video. In 1981, Nesmith won the first Grammy Award given for Video of the Year for his hour-long television show, Elephant Parts.
/m/0214km	In music, a solo is a piece or a section of a piece played or sung by a single performer. In practice this means a number of different things, depending on the type of music and the context.\nThe word is also used for the act of performing a solo, and sometimes for the performer.\nThe plural is soli or the anglicised form solos. In some context these are interchangeable, but soli tends to be restricted to classical music, and tends to refer to either the solo performers or the solo passages in a single piece: it would not often be used to refer to several pieces that happen to be for single performers. Furthermore, the word soli can be used to refer to a small number of simultaneous parts assigned to single players in an orchestral composition. In the Baroque concerto grosso, the term for such a group of soloists was concertino.
/m/06ns98	David Robb is a Scottish actor.\nRobb has starred in various British films and television shows, including films such as Swing Kids and Hellbound. He is well known for playing Germanicus in the famous 1976 BBC production of I, Claudius and as Robin Grant, one of the principal character in Thames Television's 1981 series The Flame Trees of Thika. He has also performed as a voice actor for several Star Wars video games and had a recurring role in the fantasy television series Highlander: The Series. He has worked extensively on BBC radio drama including as Charles in the original radio series of Up the Garden Path opposite Imelda Staunton, as Captain Jack Aubrey in the BBC Radio 4 adaptations of the Patrick O'Brian \"Aubrey\" novels and as Richard Hannay in several adaptations of the John Buchan novels, including Mr Standfast in 2007. He plays Dr Clarkson in the television drama series Downton Abbey.\nRobb was born in London, brought up in Edinburgh and educated at the Royal High School. Beginning in 2004 he and his wife, actress and activist Briony McRoberts, ran every year in the Edinburgh Marathon to raise money for leukaemia research. McRoberts died on 17 July 2013.
/m/033pf1	Casper is a 1995 American family comedy fantasy film starring Christina Ricci and Bill Pullman, based on the Casper the Friendly Ghost animated cartoons and comic books. The ghosts featured in the film were created through computer-generated imagery.
/m/03k7bd	Harold Rowe \"Hal\" Holbrook, Jr. is an American actor. His television roles include Abraham Lincoln in the 1976 TV series Lincoln, Hays Stowe on The Bold Ones: The Senator and Capt. Lloyd Bucher on Pueblo. He is also known for his role in the 2007 film Into the Wild, for which he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award. He has also performed a one-man show as Mark Twain since 1954.
/m/0640m69	Grown Ups is a 2010 American buddy comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and written by Adam Sandler, who also stars in the film. Besides Sandler, the film also stars Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, and Rob Schneider. The film was produced by Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Sandler, Rock, Schneider, and Spade all joined the cast of Saturday Night Live in the 1990–1991 season; supporting cast including Colin Quinn, Maya Rudolph, Tim Meadows and Norm Macdonald have also been SNL cast members.
/m/06kl78	Crash is a 1996 Canadian-British psychological thriller film written and directed by David Cronenberg based on J. G. Ballard's 1973 novel of the same name. It tells the story of a group of people who take sexual pleasure from car accidents, a notable form of paraphilia. The film stars James Spader, Deborah Kara Unger, Elias Koteas, Holly Hunter, and Rosanna Arquette.\nThe film generated considerable controversy on its release and opened to mixed and highly divergent reactions from critics. While some praised the film for its daring premise and originality, others criticized its combination of graphic sexuality with violence. Although it was nominated for the Golden Palm at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival, it instead won the Special Jury Prize. The film's music score was composed by Howard Shore.
/m/016tbr	David Lawrence Schwimmer is an American actor, director and producer. He was born in New York City, and his family moved to Los Angeles when he was two. He began his acting career performing in school plays at Beverly Hills High School. In 1988, he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech. After graduation, Schwimmer co-founded the Lookingglass Theatre Company. For much of the late 1980s, he lived in Los Angeles as a struggling, unemployed actor.\nHe starred in the television movie A Deadly Silence in 1989 and appeared in a number of television roles, including on L.A. Law, The Wonder Years, NYPD Blue, and Monty, in the early 1990s. Schwimmer later gained worldwide recognition for playing Ross Geller in the sitcom Friends. His first leading film role was in The Pallbearer, which was followed by roles in Kissing a Fool, Six Days Seven Nights, Apt Pupil, and Picking Up the Pieces. He was then cast in the miniseries Band of Brothers as Herbert Sobel. After the series finale of Friends in 2004, Schwimmer was cast as the titular character in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood. Other film roles include Melman in the computer animated Madagascar films, the dark comedy Big Nothing, and the thriller Nothing But the Truth. Schwimmer made his West End stage debut in the leading role in Some Girl in 2005. In 2006, he made his Broadway debut in The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial. Schwimmer made his feature film directorial debut with the 2007 comedy Run Fatboy Run. The following year he made his Off-Broadway directorial debut in the 2008 production Fault Lines.
/m/05nmg_	Raja Club Athletic is a sports club with sections in many different disciplines in Casablanca, Morocco. Raja was founded on March 20, 1949 as part of the political struggle against French rule by nationalists who aimed to create a focus for working-class young Moroccans. The club is most well known outside Morocco for its football team.\nIn Morocco, Raja Casablanca is still regarded as the club of the people. For many years it had a reputation of playing entertaining football without winning many trophies. However Raja has evolved recently into a more professional outfit capable of winning trophies at home and abroad. It has become the most powerful club in Morocco.\nRaja Casablanca, who has been crowned domestic champions on ten occasions, was placed in 2000 third in CAF's ranking of African clubs of the last century, finishing behind the Egyptian teams Al Ahly and Zamalek SC.\nRaja Casablanca is the only Moroccan club, and the first African and Arabic team to participate in the FIFA Club World Cup. They competed in the first edition that took place in 2000 in Brazil.
/m/05mgj0	The UK Film Council was a non-departmental public body set up in 2000 by the Labour Government to develop and promote the film industry in the UK. It was constituted as a private company limited by guarantee governed by a board of 15 directors and was funded through sources including the National Lottery. John Woodward was the Chief Executive Officer of the UKFC. As at 30 June 2008, the company had 90 full-time members of staff. It distributed more than £160m of lottery money to over 900 films. Lord Puttnam described the Council as \"a layer of strategic glue that's helped bind the many parts of our disparate industry together.\"\nOn 26 July 2010 the Conservative – Liberal Democrat coalition announced that the council would be abolished; Woodward said that the decision had been taken with \"no notice and no consultation\". UKFC closed on 31 March 2011, with many of its functions passing to the British Film Institute.
/m/011_6p	The kazoo is a musical instrument that adds a \"buzzing\" timbral quality to a player's voice when the player vocalizes into it. The kazoo is a type of mirliton, which is a membranophone, one of a class of instruments which modifies its player's voice by way of a vibrating membrane.
/m/0jwmp	Brazil is a 1985 British film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam, Charles McKeown, and Tom Stoppard. British National Cinema by Sarah Street describes the film as a \"fantasy/satire on bureaucratic society\" while John Scalzi's Rough Guide to Sci-Fi Movies describes it as a \"dystopian satire\". The film stars Jonathan Pryce and features Robert De Niro, Kim Greist, Michael Palin, Katherine Helmond, Bob Hoskins, and Ian Holm.\nThe film centres on Sam Lowry, a man trying to find a woman who appears in his dreams while he is working in a mind-numbing job and living a life in a small apartment, set in a consumer-driven dystopian world in which there is an over-reliance on poorly maintained machines. Brazil's bureaucratic, totalitarian government is reminiscent of the government depicted in George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four, except that it has a buffoonish, slapstick quality and lacks a Big Brother figure.\nJack Mathews, film critic and author of The Battle of Brazil, described the film as \"satirizing the bureaucratic, largely dysfunctional industrial world that had been driving Gilliam crazy all his life\". Though a success in Europe, the film was unsuccessful in its initial North America release. It has since become a cult film.
/m/01x15dc	Mike Piersante is a recording engineer and mixer.
/m/06g60w	Robert L. Surtees, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer who won Academy Awards three times, for the films King Solomon's Mines, The Bad and the Beautiful and the 1959 version of Ben Hur.
/m/04v3q	Malta is a southern European country in the Mediterranean Sea. It lies 80 km south of Sicily, 284 km east of Tunisia and 333 km north of Libya. The country covers just over 316 km², making it one of the world's smallest and most densely populated countries. The capital of Malta is Valletta, which is also the smallest capital in the EU at 0.8 km². Malta has two official languages: Maltese and English.\nMalta's location as a naval base has given it great strategic importance throughout history, and a succession of powers including the Phoenicians, Romans, Moorish, Normans, Aragonese, Habsburg Spain, Knights of St. John, French and the British have ruled the islands. Malta gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1964 and became a republic in 1974. Malta was admitted to the United Nations in 1964 and to the European Union in 2004; in 2008, it became part of the eurozone.\nMalta has a long Christian legacy and is an Apostolic see. According to the Acts of the Apostles, St. Paul was shipwrecked on Malta. Catholicism is the official religion in Malta.\nMalta is a favoured tourist destination with its warm climate, numerous recreational areas, and architectural and historical monuments, including nine UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Hal Saflieni Hypogeum, Valletta and seven Megalithic Temples which are some of the oldest free-standing structures in the world.
/m/032c7m	Urawa Red Diamonds are a professional association football club playing in Japan's football league, J. League Division 1. The club has been able to boast the highest average gates for fourteen of the J-League's twenty season history. This includes 2012's highest average of over 36,000. After the club began hosting games at the new Saitama Stadium in 2001, they could accommodate a sharp increase in crowd numbers, a boom which peaked in 2008 with an average of over 47,000.\nThe name Red Diamonds alludes to the club's pre-professional era parent company Mitsubishi. The corporation's famous logo consists of three red diamonds, one of which remains within the current club badge. Its hometown is the city of Saitama in Saitama Prefecture, but its name comes from the former city of Urawa, which is now a part of Saitama City.
/m/04njml	The Tony Award for Best Original Score is the Tony Award given to the composers and lyricists of the best original score written for a musical in that year. The score consists of music and lyrics. To be eligible, a score must be written specifically for the theatre and must be original; compilations of non-theatrical music or compilations of earlier theatrical music are not eligible for consideration.\nThe award has undergone a number of minor changes. In 1947, 1950, 1951, and 1962, the award went to the composer only. Otherwise, the award has gone to the composer and lyricist for their combined contributions, except for 1971 when the two awards were split.\nIn only five years have non-musical plays been nominated for Tony Awards in this category: Much Ado About Nothing in 1973, The Song of Jacob Zulu in 1993,Twelfth Night nominated in 1999, in 2010, Enron and Fences and in 2012, Peter and the Starcatcher and One Man, Two Guvnors.\nIn 2013, Cyndi Lauper became the first woman to win the award solo for Kinky Boots
/m/05m_8	The Oakland Athletics are a Major League Baseball team based in Oakland, California. The Athletics are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. From 1968 to the present, the Athletics have played in the Oakland Coliseum since moving to Oakland. Overall, the A's have won nine World Series championships, the third-best total in Major League Baseball.\nThe \"Athletics\" name originates from the late 19th century \"athletic clubs\", specifically the Philadelphia Athletics baseball club. They are most prominently nicknamed \"the A's\", in reference to the Gothic script \"A\", a trademark of the team and the old Athletics of Philadelphia. This has gained very prominent use, and in some circles is used more frequently than the full \"Athletics\" name. They are also known as \"the White Elephants\" or simply \"the Elephants\", in reference to then New York Giants' manager John McGraw's calling the team a \"white elephant\". This was embraced by the team, who then made a white elephant the team's mascot, and often incorporated it into the logo or sleeve patches. During the team's 1970s heyday, management often referred to the team as The Swingin' A's, referencing both their prodigious power and to connect the team with the growing disco culture.
/m/06b0d2	Mehcad Jason McKinley Brooks is an American actor and former fashion model. He is known for his roles as Matthew Applewhite in the second season of ABC's hit series Desperate Housewives, Jerome in The Game, and his leading role as Terrance \"TK\" King in the USA series Necessary Roughness from 2011 until the series' cancellation in 2013.
/m/0dnqr	The 3rd installment in the original Indiana Jones Trilogy. Plot: When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana Jones must follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis.
/m/01_f_5	Sofia Carmina Coppola is an American screenwriter, director, producer and actress. In 2003, she received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Lost in Translation, and became the third woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. In 2010, with Somewhere, she became the first American woman to win the Golden Lion, the top prize at the Venice Film Festival.
/m/04bsx1	Dean Nicholas Saunders is a former Welsh international footballer who played as a striker in a professional career which lasted from 1982 until 2001.\nHe was a high profile Premier League player in the 1990s for both Liverpool and Aston Villa, and set a new British transfer record when he joined the former from Derby County. He began at his hometown club Swansea City before also playing for Brighton, Oxford United, Bradford City, Nottingham Forest and Sheffield United as well as spells abroad at both Galatasaray and Benfica.\nHe was capped 75 times at senior level for Wales between 1986 and 2001, scoring 22 times - making him one of the nation's highest scoring and most capped players of all time, although Wales never qualified for any major international competitions while Saunders was playing for them.\nFollowing his retirement from playing, he has entered football coaching and became manager of non-league Wrexham in 2008. He has since served as manager of both Doncaster Rovers and Wolverhampton Wanderers, but both appointments saw the clubs relegated from the Championship.
/m/07cz2	The Matrix is a 1999 American–Australian science fiction action film written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers, starring Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, and Joe Pantoliano. It depicts a dystopian future in which reality as perceived by most humans is actually a simulated reality called \"the Matrix\", created by sentient machines to subdue the human population, while their bodies' heat and electrical activity are used as an energy source. Computer programmer \"Neo\" learns this truth and is drawn into a rebellion against the machines, which involves other people who have been freed from the \"dream world\".\nThe Matrix is known for popularizing a visual effect known as \"bullet time\", in which the heightened perception of certain characters is represented by allowing the action within a shot to progress in slow-motion while the camera's viewpoint appears to move through the scene at normal speed. The film is an example of the cyberpunk science fiction genre. It contains numerous references to philosophical and religious ideas, and prominently pays homage to works such as Plato's Allegory of the Cave, Jean Baudrillard's Simulacra and Simulation and Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The Wachowskis' approach to action scenes drew upon their admiration for Japanese animation and martial arts films, and the film's use of fight choreographers and wire fu techniques from Hong Kong action cinema was influential upon subsequent Hollywood action film productions.
/m/016722	Jaipur is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Rajasthan in Northern India. It was founded on 18 November 1727 by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II, the ruler of Amber, after whom the city has been named. The city today has a population of 3.1 million. Jaipur is known as the Pink City of India.\nThe city is unusual among pre-modern Indian cities in the regularity of its streets, and the division of the city into six sectors by broad streets 34 m wide. The urban quarters are further divided by networks of gridded streets. Five quarters wrap around the east, south, and west sides of a central palace quarter, with a sixth quarter immediately to the east. The Palace quarter encloses the Hawa Mahal palace complex, formal gardens, and a small lake. Nahargarh Fort, which was the residence of the King Sawai Jai Singh II, crowns the hill in the northwest corner of the old city. The observatory, Jantar Mantar, is one of the World Heritage Sites. Included on the Golden Triangle tourist circuit, along with Delhi and Agra, Jaipur is an extremely popular tourist destination in Rajasthan and India.
/m/06cx9	A republic is a form of government in which power is held by the people and representatives they elect, and affairs of state are a \"public matter\", rather than privately accommodated. In modern times the definition of a republic is also commonly limited to a government which excludes a monarch. Currently, 135 of the world's 206 sovereign states use the word \"republic\" as part of their official names.\nBoth modern and ancient republics vary widely in their ideology and composition. In classical and medieval times the archetype of all republics was the Roman Republic, which referred to Rome in between the period when it had kings, and the period when it had emperors. The Italian medieval and Renaissance political tradition today referred to as \"civic humanism\" is sometimes considered to derive directly from Roman republicans such as Sallust and Tacitus. However, Greek-influenced Roman authors, such as Polybius and Cicero, sometimes also used the term as a translation for the Greek politeia which could mean regime generally, but could also be applied to certain specific types of regime which did not exactly correspond to that of the Roman Republic. Republics were not equated with classical democracies such as Athens, but had a democratic aspect.
/m/04yqlk	Theresa Elizabeth \"Teri\" Polo is an American actress best known for her role as Pam Focker in the film Meet the Parents and its two sequels, Meet the Fockers and Little Fockers. She was one of the stars of the sitcom I'm with Her, had a recurring role as Helen Santos on the political drama series The West Wing and currently plays the lead role of police officer Stef Foster in the ABC Family series The Fosters.
/m/07sgdw	Oscar is a 1991 American comedy film directed by John Landis. Based on the Claude Magnier stage play, it is a remake of the 1967 French film of the same name, but the settings has been moved to the Depression era New York City and centers around a mob boss trying to go straight. The film stars Sylvester Stallone, Marisa Tomei, Ornella Muti, Tim Curry, and Chazz Palminteri and was a rare attempt by Stallone at doing a comedy role.
/m/01n7q	California is a state located on the West Coast of the United States. It is the most populous U.S. state, home to one out of eight Americans, and is the third largest state by area. California is bordered by Oregon to the north, Nevada to the east, Arizona to the southeast, and the Mexican State of Baja California to the south. It is home to the nation's second and fifth most populous census statistical areas, and eight of the nation's 50 most populated cities. Sacramento is the state's capital.\nWhat is now California was first settled by various Native American tribes before being explored by a number of European expeditions throughout the 16th and 17th centuries. It was then claimed by the Spanish Empire as part of Alta California in the larger territory of New Spain. Alta California became a part of Mexico in 1821 following its successful war for independence, but would later be ceded to the United States in 1848 after the Mexican-American War. The western portion of Alta California was soon organized as the State of California, which was admitted as the 31st state on September 9, 1850. The California Gold Rush starting in 1848 led to dramatic social and demographic change, with large-scale immigration from the U.S. and abroad and an accompanying economic boom.
/m/02vwckw	Tramar Lacel Dillard, better known by his stage name Flo Rida, is an American rapper. He is known for hit songs such as \"Low\", featuring T-Pain, which was a number 1 hit for 10 weeks in the United States in 2008, and \"Right Round\", featuring Kesha, which was a number 1 hit for six weeks; both songs broke the record for digital download sales when they were released. Other international hit singles he has had including \"Club Can't Handle Me\", \"Good Feeling\", \"Wild Ones\" and \"Whistle\". He has frequently collaborated with other artists, both on his and others' tracks. Hit songs by other artists featuring Flo Rida include \"Running Back\" by Jessica Mauboy, \"Bad Boys\" by Alexandra Burke, and \"Troublemaker\" by Olly Murs.\nFlo Rida has released four albums so far: Mail on Sunday in 2008, R.O.O.T.S. in 2009, Only One Flo in 2010, and Wild Ones in 2012.
/m/02yr1q	Drake University is a private, co-educational university located in Des Moines, Iowa, USA. The institution offers a number of undergraduate and graduate programs, as well as professional programs in business, law and pharmacy. Drake is one of the twenty-five oldest law schools in the country.
/m/026p_bs	The Prize is a 1963 spy film starring Paul Newman, Elke Sommer and Edward G. Robinson. It was directed by Mark Robson, produced by Pandro S. Berman and adapted for the screen by Ernest Lehman from the novel of the same name by Irving Wallace. It also features an early score by prolific composer Jerry Goldsmith.
/m/015k7	Gautama Buddha, also known as Siddhārtha Gautama, Shakyamuni, or simply the Buddha, was a sage on whose teachings Buddhism was founded. Born in the Shakya republic in the Himalayan foothills, Gautama Buddha taught primarily in northeastern India.\nBuddha means \"awakened one\" or \"the enlightened one.\" \"Buddha\" is also used as a title for the first awakened being in an era. In most Buddhist traditions, Siddhartha Gautama is regarded as the Supreme Buddha of our age.\nGautama taught a Middle Way between sensual indulgence and the severe asceticism found in the Sramana movement common in his region. He later taught throughout regions of eastern India such as Magadha and Kośala.\nGautama is the primary figure in Buddhism, and accounts of his life, discourses, and monastic rules are believed by Buddhists to have been summarized after his death and memorized by his followers. Various collections of teachings attributed to him were passed down by oral tradition, and first committed to writing about 400 years later.
/m/017j69	Northwestern University is a private research university with campuses in Evanston and Chicago in Illinois, United States. Northwestern has 12 undergraduate, graduate, and professional schools offering 124 undergraduate degrees and 145 graduate and professional degrees.\nNorthwestern was founded in 1851 by John Evans, for whom Evanston is named, and eight other lawyers, businessmen and Methodist leaders to serve the people of a region that had once been known as the Northwest Territory. Instruction began in 1855; women were admitted in 1869. Today, the main campus is a 240-acre parcel in Evanston, along the shores of Lake Michigan. The university's law and medical schools are located on a 25-acre campus in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood. In 2008, the University opened a campus in Education City, Doha, Qatar with programs in journalism and communication. In academic year 2010-2011, Northwestern enrolled 8,397 undergraduate and 7,870 graduate and professional students.\nNorthwestern has one of the largest university endowments in the United States, valued at $7.9 billion in 2013. One of only 62 institutions elected to the Association of American Universities, Northwestern was awarded more than $500 million in research grants in 2010–2011, placing it in the first tier of the major research universities in the United States by the Center for Measuring University Performance. Its schools of journalism, management, engineering, and communication, for example, are among the most academically productive in the nation. Northwestern is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference and remains the only private university in the conference. The Northwestern Wildcats compete in 19 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA's Division I.
/m/04tc1g	The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a 2002 American science fiction comedy film directed by Ron Underwood and starring Eddie Murphy as the title protagonist. The film is considered one of the worst box office bombs, grossing only around $7.1 million on its reported $100 million budget.
/m/019gz	Abraham \"Bram\" Stoker was an Irish novelist and short story writer, best known today for his 1897 Gothic novel Dracula. During his lifetime, he was better known as personal assistant of actor Henry Irving and business manager of the Lyceum Theatre in London, which Irving owned.
/m/0537b	Motorola, Inc. was an American multinational telecommunications company based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011. Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.\nMotorola designed and sold wireless network infrastructure equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems, and, public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home to Arris in 2012.\nMotorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector prior to 2004, it pioneered the \"flip phone\" with the MicroTAC as well as the \"clam phone\" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the RAZR, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid. The handset division was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility. On January 29, 2014, Google CEO Larry Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion.
/m/0glt670	Hip hop music, also called hip-hop, rap music, or hip-hop music, is a music genre consisting of a stylized rhythmic music that commonly accompanies rapping, a rhythmic and rhyming speech that is chanted. It developed as part of hip hop culture, a subculture defined by four key stylistic elements: MCing/rapping, DJing/scratching, break dancing, and graffiti writing. Other elements include sampling, and beatboxing.\nWhile often used to refer to rapping, \"hip hop\" more properly denotes the practice of the entire subculture. The term hip hop music is sometimes used synonymously with the term rap music, though rapping is not a required component of hip hop music; the genre may also incorporate other elements of hip hop culture, including DJing and scratching, beatboxing, and instrumental tracks.
/m/049wm	Kagoshima is the capital city of Kagoshima Prefecture at the southwestern tip of the island of Kyushu in Japan, and the largest city in the prefecture by some margin. It has been nicknamed the \"Naples of the Eastern world\" for its bay location, hot climate, and impressive stratovolcano, Sakurajima. The city was officially founded on April 1, 1889.\nAs of January 1, 2010, the city has an estimated population of 605,855 and a population density of 1,107.49 persons per km². The total area is 546.71 km².\nIn 2003, the city had an estimated population of only 554,136 and a population density of 1,911.41 persons per km². The total area was 289.91 km².\nThe city's total area nearly doubled between 2003 and 2005 as a result of five towns: the towns of Kōriyama and Matsumoto the town of Kiire and the towns of Sakurajima and Yoshida. All of them were merged into Kagoshima on November 1, 2004.\nKagoshima is approximately 40 minutes from Kagoshima Airport, and the city features large shopping districts and malls, is served by trams, and has many restaurants featuring Satsuma Province regional cuisine: kibi, tonkatsu, smoked eel, and karukan. A large, modern aquarium has been installed on the old docks overlooking the volcano. The Sengan-en Japanese garden is just outside the city.
/m/0fx0j2	Helen Rose grew up in New Jersey and is a professional psychic and astrologist residing now in Florida. She writes adult fiction, children's stories, and poetry.
/m/0mzvm	Springfield, MA is a city in Western New England, and the seat of Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. Springfield sits on the eastern bank of the Connecticut River near its confluence with three rivers; the western Westfield River, the eastern Chicopee River, and the eastern Mill River. As of the 2010 Census, the city's population was 153,060. Metropolitan Springfield, as one of two metropolitan areas in Massachusetts, had an estimated population of 698,903 as of 2009.\nThe first Springfield in the New World, it is the largest city in Western New England, and the urban, economic, and cultural capital of Massachusetts' Connecticut River Valley. It is the third-largest city in Massachusetts and fourth-largest in New England. Springfield has several nicknames – The City of Firsts, because of its many innovations; The City of Homes, due to its Victorian residential architecture; and Hoop City, because basketball - one of the world's most popular sports - was invented in Springfield.\nHartford, the State of Connecticut's capital city, lies only 23.9 miles south of Springfield, on the western bank of the Connecticut River. Bradley International Airport, which sits 12 miles south of Metro Center Springfield, is Hartford-Springfield's airport. The Hartford-Springfield region is known as the Knowledge Corridor because it hosts over 160,000 university students and over 32 universities and liberal arts colleges – the second-highest concentration of higher-learning institutions in the United States. The City of Springfield itself is home to Springfield College; Western New England University; American International College; and Springfield Technical Community College, among other higher educational institutions.
/m/014zz1	The hurdy gurdy or hurdy-gurdy is a stringed instrument that produces sound by a crank-turned, rosined wheel rubbing against the strings. The wheel functions much like a violin bow, and single notes played on the instrument sound similar to those of a violin. Melodies are played on a keyboard that presses tangents — small wedges, typically made of wood — against one or more of the strings to change their pitch. Like most other acoustic stringed instruments, it has a sound board to make the vibration of the strings audible.\nMost hurdy gurdies have multiple drone strings, which give a constant pitch accompaniment to the melody, resulting in a sound similar to that of bagpipes. For this reason, the hurdy gurdy is often used interchangeably or along with bagpipes, particularly in French and contemporary Hungarian and Galician folk music.\nMany folk music festivals in Europe feature music groups with hurdy gurdy players. The most famous annual festival has been held since 1976 at Saint-Chartier in the Indre département in Central France. In 2009, it re-located nearby to the Château d'Ars at La Châtre, where it continues to take place during the week nearest July 14.
/m/02hnl	A drum kit, drum set or trap set is a collection of drums and other percussion instruments set up to be played by a single player.\nThe traditional drum kit consists of a mix of drums and idiophones. More recently kits have also included electronic instruments, with both hybrid and entirely electronic kits now in common use.\nA standard modern kit, as used in popular music and taught in many music schools, contains:\nA snare drum, mounted on a specialised stand, placed between the player's knees and played with drum sticks.\nA bass drum, played by a pedal operated by the right foot.\nA hi-hat stand and cymbals, operated by the left foot and played with the sticks, particularly but not only the right hand stick.\nOne or more tom-tom drums, played with the sticks.\nOne or more cymbals, played with the sticks, particularly but not only the right hand stick.\nAll of these are unpitched percussion, allowing the music to be scored using percussion notation, for which a loose standard exists for the drum kit. If some or all of them are replaced by electronic drums, the scoring and most often positioning remains the same, allowing a standard teaching approach. The drum kit is usually played seated on a drum stool or throne.
/m/05wkw	Photography is the art, science and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film, or electronically by means of an image sensor. Typically, a lens is used to focus the light reflected or emitted from objects into a real image on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera during a timed exposure. The result in an electronic image sensor is an electrical charge at each pixel, which is electronically processed and stored in a digital image file for subsequent display or processing.\nThe result in a photographic emulsion is an invisible latent image, which is later chemically developed into a visible image, either negative or positive depending on the purpose of the photographic material and the method of processing. A negative image on film is traditionally used to photographically create a positive image on a paper base, known as a print, either by using an enlarger or by contact printing.\nPhotography has many uses for business, science, manufacturing, art, recreational purposes, and mass communication.
/m/0cf08	Rocky is a 1976 American sports film directed by John G. Avildsen and both written by and starring Sylvester Stallone. It tells the rags to riches American Dream story of Rocky Balboa, an uneducated but kind-hearted debt collector for a loan shark in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Rocky starts out as a club fighter who later gets a shot at the world heavyweight championship. It also stars Talia Shire as Adrian, Burt Young as Adrian's brother Paulie, Burgess Meredith as Rocky's trainer Mickey Goldmill, and Carl Weathers as the champion, Apollo Creed.\nThe film, made on a budget of just over $1 million and shot in 28 days, was a sleeper hit; it earned $225 million in global box office receipts becoming the highest grossing film of 1976 and went on to win three Oscars, including Best Picture. The film received many positive reviews and turned Stallone into a major star. It spawned five sequels: Rocky II, III, IV, V and Rocky Balboa, all written by and starring Stallone, who also directed all sequels except for Rocky V.
/m/08ns5s	In American football and Canadian football, the term long snapper refers to a player who is a specialized center during punts, field goals, and extra point attempts. His job is to snap the ball as quickly and accurately as possible.\nDuring field goals and point after touchdown, the snap is received by the holder typically 7-8 yards away. During punt plays the snap is delivered to the punter from 13-15 yards away. Following the snap, the snapper often executes a blocking assignment, and on a punt he must cover the kick. A good, consistent long snapper is hard to find, and many marginally talented players have found a niche exclusively as long snappers.\nA \"bad snap\" is an off-target snap which causes the delay of a kick or the failure of a play. According to Kohl's kicking, a good long snap should hit the target in under 0.75 seconds
/m/04k25	Lars von Trier is a Danish film director and screenwriter. He is closely associated with the Dogme 95 collective – an avant-garde filmmaking movement – although his own films have taken a variety of approaches. His work has frequently divided critical opinion.\nVon Trier began making films at age eleven. Von Trier suffers periodically from depression, as well as various fears and phobias, including an intense fear of flying. As he quipped in an interview, \"basically, I'm afraid of everything in life, except filmmaking.\" His first publicly released film was the 1977 experimental short The Orchid Gardener and his first feature came seven years later with The Element of Crime. Among many prizes, awards and nominations, he is the recipient of the Palme d'Or, the Grand Prix, and the Prix du Jury at the Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0ndsl1x	Marley & Me is a 2008 American comedy-drama film about the titular dog, Marley. It was directed by David Frankel and the screenplay by Scott Frank and Don Roos is based on the memoir of the same name by John Grogan. The film was released in the United States and Canada on December 25, 2008, and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office ever with $14.75 million in ticket sales.
/m/0fkvn	A governor is, in most cases, an individual public official with the power to govern the executive branch of a non-sovereign or sub-national level of government, ranking under the head of state. In federations, governor may be the title of the politician who governs a constituent state and may be either appointed or elected. The power of the individual governor can vary dramatically between political systems, with some governors having only nominal, largely ceremonial power, while others have complete power over the entire government.\nThe title Governor is less common in parliamentary systems such as in some European nations and many of their former colonies, which use titles such as President of the Regional Council in France, President of the Regional Junta in Italy and Ministerpräsident in Germany, where in some states there are governorates as sub-state administrative regions. Other countries using different titles for sub-national units include Mexico, United States and Switzerland.\nHistorically, the title can also apply to executive officials acting as representatives of a chartered company which has been granted exercise of sovereignty in a colonial area, such as the British HEIC or the Dutch East India Company. These companies operate as a major state within a state with its own armed forces.
/m/070j61	Michael Patrick King is an American director, writer and producer for television shows.
/m/025rxjq	High Fidelity is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Frears and starring John Cusack and Danish actress Iben Hjejle. The film is based on the 1995 British novel of the same name by Nick Hornby, with the setting moved from London to Chicago and the name of the lead character changed. After seeing the film, Hornby expressed his happiness with John Cusack's performance as Rob Gordon, saying, \"At times, it appears to be a film in which John Cusack reads my book\".
/m/07s3m4g	Paranormal Activity is a 2007 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Oren Peli. The film centers on a young couple, Katie and Micah, who are haunted by a supernatural presence in their home. It is presented in the style of \"found footage\", from cameras set up by the couple in an attempt to document what is haunting them.\nOriginally developed as an independent feature and given film festival screenings in 2007, the film was acquired by Paramount Pictures and modified, particularly with a new ending. It was given a limited U.S. release on September 25, 2009, and then a nationwide release on October 16, 2009. The film earned nearly $108 million at the U.S. box office and a further $85 million internationally for a worldwide total of $193 million. Paramount/DreamWorks acquired the U.S. rights for $350,000. It is the most profitable film ever made, based on return on investment, although such figures are difficult to verify independently as this is likely to exclude marketing costs.\nA parallel prequel, Paranormal Activity 2, was released on October 22, 2010. The success of the first two films would spawn additional films in the series: Paranormal Activity 3, released on October 21, 2011, Paranormal Activity 4 released on October 19, 2012, and a spin-off titled Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones released on January 3, 2014.
/m/05l2z4	The ninetieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1967 to January 3, 1969, during the last two years of the second administration of U.S. President Lyndon Johnson.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Eighteenth Census of the United States in 1960. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.\nFor ten days in this Congress, the Senate contained all ten of the longest-serving Senators in history. This period stretched from the installation of Ted Stevens after his special-election victory to the retirement of Carl Hayden early the next year.
/m/01zlh5	Richard Wagstaff \"Dick\" Clark was an American radio and television personality, as well as a cultural icon who remains best known for hosting American Bandstand from 1957 to 1987. He also hosted the game show Pyramid and Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve, which transmitted Times Square's New Year's Eve celebrations. Clark was also well known for his trademark sign-off, \"For now, Dick Clark. So long!\", accompanied with a military salute.\nAs host of American Bandstand, Clark introduced rock & roll to many Americans. The show gave many new music artists their first exposure to national audiences, including Ike and Tina Turner, Smokey Robinson and the Miracles, Stevie Wonder, Talking Heads and Simon & Garfunkel. Episodes he hosted were among the first where blacks and whites performed on the same stage and among the first where the live studio audience sat without racial segregation. Singer Paul Anka claimed that Bandstand was responsible for creating a \"youth culture.\" Due to his perennial youthful appearance, Clark was often referred to as \"America's oldest teenager\".\nIn his capacity as a businessman, Clark served as Chief Executive Officer of Dick Clark Productions, part of which he sold off in his later years. He also founded the American Bandstand Diner, a restaurant chain modeled after the Hard Rock Cafe. In 1973, he created and produced the annual American Music Awards show, similar to the Grammy Awards.
/m/0hkb8	The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Denis is a large medieval abbey church in the city of Saint-Denis, now a northern suburb of Paris. The building is of unique importance historically and architecturally, as its choir completed in 1144 is considered to be the first medieval Gothic architecture ever built. Princess Sophie of France was buried here when she died at age 11 months.\nThe site originated as a Gallo-Roman cemetery, in late Roman times - the archeological remains still lie beneath the cathedral; the people buried there seem to have had a faith that was a mix of Christian and pre-Christian beliefs and practices. Around 475 St. Genevieve purchased some of the land and built a church. In the 7th century, the church was replaced by a much grander construction, on the orders of Dagobert I; it is claimed that Dagobert also moved the body of Saint Denis, a patron saint of France, to the building.\nThe church became a place of pilgrimage and the burial place of the French Kings, with nearly every king from the 10th to the 18th centuries being buried there, as well as many from previous centuries. \"Saint-Denis\" soon became the abbey church of a growing monastic complex.
/m/0hv27	The African Queen is a 1951 adventure film adapted from the 1935 novel of the same name by C. S. Forester. The film was directed by John Huston and produced by Sam Spiegel and John Woolf. The screenplay was adapted by James Agee, John Huston, John Collier and Peter Viertel. It was photographed in Technicolor by Jack Cardiff and had a music score by Allan Gray. The film stars Humphrey Bogart, and Katharine Hepburn with Robert Morley, Peter Bull, Walter Gotell, Richard Marner and Theodore Bikel.\nThe African Queen has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1994, with the Library of Congress deeming it \"culturally, historically or aesthetically significant\".\nThe film currently holds a 100% \"Fresh\" rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 37 reviews.
/m/05ggt_	Eileen Brennan was an American actress of film, television, and theater. Brennan was best known for her role as Doreen Lewis in Private Benjamin, for which she received an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She reprised the role for the TV adaptation, winning both a Golden Globe and Emmy for her performance. She received Emmy nominations for her guest starring roles on Newhart, Thirtysomething, Taxi and Will & Grace.
/m/0j1yf	Justin Randall Timberlake is an American singer-songwriter, actor, record producer, businessman, and philanthropist. Born in Memphis, Tennessee, he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child. In the late 1990s, Timberlake rose to prominence as one of the two lead vocalists and youngest member of the boy band 'N Sync, whose launch was financed by Lou Pearlman.\nDuring the group's hiatus, Timberlake released his solo studio albums Justified and FutureSex/LoveSounds; the former spawned hits \"Cry Me a River\" and \"Rock Your Body\", while the latter debuted atop the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles \"SexyBack\", \"My Love\", and \"What Goes Around... Comes Around\". With each album exceeding sales of seven million copies worldwide, he was established as one of the most commercially successful singers. From 2007 through 2012, Timberlake focused on his acting career, effectively putting his music career on hiatus; he held starring roles in the films The Social Network, Bad Teacher, In Time, and Friends with Benefits.\nIn 2013, Timberlake resumed his music career with his third and fourth albums The 20/20 Experience and The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2. The former became one of the best-selling records of the year and spawned hits \"Suit & Tie\" and \"Mirrors\", while the latter is preceded by lead single \"Take Back the Night\". Timberlake's work has earned him nine Grammy Awards and four Emmy Awards. His other ventures include record label Tennman Records, fashion label William Rast, and the restaurants Destino and Southern Hospitality.
/m/03gvm3t	The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent, contested by aspiring singers drawn from public auditions. Created by Simon Cowell, the show began in September 2004 and has since aired annually from August/September until December. The show is produced by FremantleMedia's Thames and Cowell's production company SycoTV. It is broadcast on the ITV network in the United Kingdom and TV3 in Ireland, with spin-off behind-the-scenes show The Xtra Factor screened on ITV2. The \"X Factor\" refers to the undefinable \"something\" that makes for star quality.\nThe show is the originator of the international The X Factor franchise. The X Factor was devised as a replacement for the highly successful Pop Idol, which was put on indefinite hiatus after its second series, largely because Cowell, who was a judge on Pop Idol, wished to launch a show to which he owned the television rights. The perceived similarity between the two shows later became the subject of a legal dispute.\nThe original judging panel were Cowell, Sharon Osbourne and Louis Walsh. Dannii Minogue joined in series 4, and Cheryl Cole replaced Osbourne in series 5. Cowell, Minogue and Cole all departed after series 7 and were replaced by Gary Barlow, Kelly Rowland and Tulisa Contostavlos in series 8. Nicole Scherzinger replaced Rowland in series 9, and Osbourne re-joined the judging panel in series 10 as Contostavlos' replacement. Osbourne, Barlow and Scherzinger are not returning for series 11 and Cowell is returning as a judge. The first three series of the show were presented by Kate Thornton. Since series 4, the show has been presented by Dermot O'Leary. Also, since series 10, Caroline Flack has served as a backstage presenter during the Saturday night live shows. The show is split into different stages, following the contestants from auditions through to the final. In the original televised audition stage of the show, contestants sang in an audition room in front of just the judges, but from series 6 onwards, auditionees sing on a stage in front of the judges and a live audience. In series 10, both auditions formats were used. Successful auditionees go through to \"bootcamp\" and then to \"judges' houses\", where judges narrow down the acts in their category down to three or four acts to mentor for the live shows, where the public vote for their favourite acts following weekly live performances by the contestants.
/m/02r4qs	Basil Glen Ballard, Jr. is an American songwriter, lyricist, and record producer. He is best known for co-writing and producing Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill, which won Grammy Award for \"Best Rock Album\", and \"Album of the Year\" amongst others, and is ranked by the Rolling Stone amongst The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. He was involved in the recording and writing of Michael Jackson's Thriller and Bad. As a writer he co-wrote songs like \"Man in the Mirror\" and \"Hand in My Pocket\". He is the founder of Java Records.\nHe won the 2006 Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture for the song \"Believe\".\nBallard was born in Natchez, Mississippi.
/m/05pcjw	Private universities are universities not operated by governments, although many receive tax breaks, public student loans, and grants. Depending on their location, private universities may be subject to government regulation. This is in contrast to public universities and national universities. Some universities are non-profit and some are for-profit.
/m/0n2g	Anglicanism is a tradition within Christianity comprising the Church of England and churches which are historically tied to it or have similar beliefs, worship practices and church structures. The word Anglican originates in ecclesia anglicana, a medieval Latin phrase dating to at least 1246 that means the English Church. Adherents of Anglicanism are called Anglicans. The great majority of Anglicans are members of churches which are part of the international Anglican Communion. There are, however, a number of churches outside of the Anglican Communion which also consider themselves to be Anglican, most notably those referred to as Continuing Anglican churches.\nThe faith of Anglicans is founded in the scriptures, the traditions of the apostolic church, the apostolic succession and the early Church Fathers. Anglicanism forms one of the branches of Western Christianity; having definitively declared its independence from the Roman pontiff at the time of the Elizabethan Religious Settlement. Many of the new Anglican formularies of the mid-16th century corresponded closely to those of contemporary Reformed Protestantism. These reforms in the Church of England were understood by one of those most responsible for them, the then Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Cranmer, as navigating a middle way between two of the emerging Protestant traditions, namely Lutheranism and Calvinism. By the end of the century, the retention in Anglicanism of many traditional liturgical forms and of the episcopate was already seen as unacceptable by those promoting the most developed Protestant principles.
/m/018j2	The banjo is a four-, five- or six-stringed instrument with a thin membrane stretched over a frame or cavity as a resonator. The membrane is typically a piece of animal skin or plastic, and the frame is typically circular. Simpler forms of the instrument were fashioned by Africans in Colonial America, adapted from several African instruments of similar design.\nThe banjo is frequently associated with country, folk, Irish traditional and bluegrass music. Historically, the banjo occupied a central place in African American traditional music, before becoming popular in the minstrel shows of the 19th century. In fact, slaves both were influenced by and influenced the early development of the music, which became country and bluegrass, particularly in regards to the innovation of musical techniques for both the banjo and fiddle. The banjo, with the fiddle, is a mainstay of American old-time music.
/m/0260bz	Amistad is a 1997 historical drama film directed by Steven Spielberg based on the notable mutiny in 1839 by newly captured Mende slaves who took control of the ship La Amistad off the coast of Cuba, and the international legal battle that followed their capture by a U.S. revenue cutter. It became a United States Supreme Court case of 1841.\nMorgan Freeman, Nigel Hawthorne, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, and Matthew McConaughey had starring roles. David Franzoni's screenplay was based on the book Mutiny on the Amistad: The Saga of a Slave Revolt and Its Impact on American Abolition, Law, and Diplomacy, by the historian Howard Jones.
/m/02jr26	Elisabeth Judson Shue is an American actress, known for her roles in the films The Karate Kid, Adventures in Babysitting, Cocktail, Back to the Future Part II, Back to the Future Part III, Leaving Las Vegas, The Saint, and Hollow Man. She has won several acting awards and was nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA. In February 2012, she began starring as Julie Finlay in the CBS police drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. She is widely considered the pin up girl of the 80's and early 90's.
/m/0gz5hs	Seth Benjamin Green is an American actor, comedian, producer, writer, and director. Green is the creator and executive producer and most-frequent voice on Adult Swim's Robot Chicken, where he is also a writer and director. He directed many of the Robot Chicken specials including Robot Chicken: Star Wars and DC Comics Special. He has starred in the feature films, Airborne, The Italian Job, Party Monster, Can't Hardly Wait, Without a Paddle and all three Austin Powers films, among many others. He is also well known for his role as Chris Griffin on Fox's Family Guy and previously as Daniel \"Oz\" Osbourne in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and Greg the Bunny. He also voices Lieutenant Gibbs in Titan Maximum and Jeff \"Joker\" Moreau in the Mass Effect video game series. Green has appeared in many other movies, such as Rat Race, America's Sweethearts, Old Dogs and as a child in Woody Allen's Radio Days, and in the horror films Idle Hands and Stephen King's It.
/m/05b3ts	Safety is a position in American and Canadian football, played by a member of the defense. The safeties are defensive backs who line up from ten to fifteen yards behind the line of scrimmage. There are two variations of the position in a typical American formation, the free safety and the strong safety. Their duties depend on the defensive scheme. The defensive responsibilities of the safety and cornerback usually involve pass coverage towards the middle and sidelines of the field, respectively. While American formations generally use two safeties, Canadian formations generally have one safety and two defensive halfbacks, a position not used in the American game. As professional and college football have become more focused on the passing game, safeties have become more involved in covering the eligible pass receivers.
/m/01sl1q	Mayte Michelle Rodriguez, simply credited as Michelle Rodriguez, is an American actress, screenwriter and disc jockey. Rodriguez got her breakout role in the independent film Girlfight, which was met with critical acclaim for her performance as a troubled boxer, and earned her several awards, including the Independent Spirit Award and Gotham Award for Best Debut Performance. The following year, she made her Hollywood debut starring as Letty Ortiz in the blockbuster film The Fast and the Furious, and would reprise the role with its sequels Fast & Furious and Fast & Furious 6.\nDuring her career, she has appeared in a number of successful action-themed films, playing tough, independent roles in films including Blue Crush, S.W.A.T., Battle: Los Angeles and James Cameron's record-breaking Avatar. She is also known for her reprising roles as Shé in Robert Rodriguez's action comedy films Machete and Machete Kills and as Rain Ocampo in the science-fiction franchise Resident Evil and Resident Evil: Retribution.\nRodriguez also branched into television, playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series Lost as part of the main cast and then making numerous guest appearances before the series' end. She has also done numerous voice work jobs in video games such as Call of Duty and Halo and lent her voice for the 3D animated film Turbo and in television for IGPX.
/m/02q6cv4	Michael Wayne \"Mike\" Barker is an American producer, best known for his work from 2005 to 2013 as co-creator and co-showrunner of the long-running and ongoing adult animated television series American Dad!. He co-created the animated series along with Matt Weitzman and Seth MacFarlane. Prior to that, he also worked with MacFarlane and Weitzman as a writer and producer on early seasons of Family Guy. Barker has always received credit with his writing partner, Weitzman.
/m/0drtkx	The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007. It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment. The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month. Initially, only three films are nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards. The Disney Pixar film Cars was the first recipient of the award. The award for best animated film has subsequently been presented to five other Pixar films: Ratatouille received the award in 2008, WALL-E was the recipient in 2009, Up received the award in 2010, Toy Story 3 won in 2011, and Brave won in 2013. In 2012, Cars 2 lost to The Adventures of Tintin. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been awarding Golden Globe Awards since 1944.\nEnglish-language films may be nominated in only one feature category. Therefore films nominated in this category are ineligible to be nominated for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, Best Motion Picture – Drama if their principal dialogue is in English. However, films nominated for Best Foreign Language Film are eligible for Best Animated Feature; the only Golden Globe film awards for which they are ineligible are the two Best Motion Picture awards. This has led to much confusion leading many to believe animated films are snubbed in the Best Motion Picture categories, specifically Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy where animated films have won before, but in reality they simply are not eligible to be nominated.
/m/01ptt7	The University of Kentucky is a public co-educational university in Lexington, Kentucky. Founded in 1865 by John Bowman as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Kentucky, the university is one of the state's two land-grant universities, the largest college or university in the state, with 28,928 students as of Fall 2012, and the highest ranked research university in the state according to U.S. News and World Report.\nStudents are divided into 16 colleges, a graduate school, 93 undergraduate programs, 99 master programs, 66 doctoral programs, and four professional programs. The University of Kentucky has fifteen libraries on campus. The largest is William T. Young Library, a federal depository, hosting subjects related to social sciences, humanities and life sciences collections. In recent years, the university has focused expenditures increasingly on research, following a compact formed by the Kentucky General Assembly in 1997. The directive mandated that the university become a Top 20 public research institution, in terms of an overall ranking to be determined by the university itself, by the year 2020.
/m/09hnb	Herbert Jeffrey \"Herbie\" Hancock is an American pianist, keyboardist, bandleader and composer. As part of Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet, Hancock helped to redefine the role of a jazz rhythm section and was one of the primary architects of the \"post-bop\" sound. He was one of the first jazz musicians to embrace music synthesizers and funk music. Hancock's music is often melodic and accessible; he has had many songs \"cross over\" and achieved success among pop audiences. His music embraces elements of funk and soul while adopting freer stylistic elements from jazz. In his jazz improvisation, he possesses a unique creative blend of jazz, blues, and modern classical music, with harmonic stylings much like the styles of Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel.\nHancock's best-known solo works include \"Cantaloupe Island\", \"Watermelon Man\", \"Maiden Voyage\", \"Chameleon\", and the singles \"I Thought It Was You\" and \"Rockit\". His 2007 tribute album River: The Joni Letters won the 2008 Grammy Award for Album of the Year, only the second jazz album ever to win the award, after Getz/Gilberto in 1965.
/m/0jswp	High Noon is a 1952 American Western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly. In nearly real time, the film tells the story of a town marshal forced to face a gang of killers by himself. The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman. The film won four Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.
/m/027r8p	Maura Therese Tierney is an American film and television actress, who is best known for her roles as Lisa Miller on the sitcom NewsRadio and Abby Lockhart on the television medical drama ER.
/m/0127m7	Kevin Michael Costner is an American actor, singer, musician, producer, and director. He has won two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and one Emmy Award, and has been nominated for three BAFTA Awards. Costner's notable roles include Eliot Ness in The Untouchables, Crash Davis in Bull Durham, Ray Kinsella in Field of Dreams, Lt. John J. Dunbar in Dances with Wolves, Jim Garrison in JFK, Robin Hood in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Frank Farmer in The Bodyguard, and Jonathan Kent in Man of Steel.\nHe won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie for his role as Devil Anse Hatfield in Hatfields & McCoys.
/m/05r4w	Portugal, officially the Portuguese Republic, is a unitary semi-presidential republic. It is located in South-Western Europe, on the Iberian Peninsula, and it is the westernmost country of mainland Europe, being bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south and by Spain to the north and east. Aside from continental Portugal, the Portuguese Republic holds sovereignty over the Atlantic archipelagos of Azores and Madeira, which are autonomous regions of Portugal. The country is named after its second largest city, Porto, whose Latin name was Portus Cale.\nThe land within the borders of the current Portuguese Republic has been continually fought over and settled since prehistoric times. After a period of Roman rule followed by Visigothic and Suebian domination, in the 8th century most of the Iberian Peninsula was conquered by Moorish invaders. During the Catholic Church oriented Reconquista, Portugal established itself as an independent kingdom from Galicia in 1139. In the 15th and 16th centuries, as the result of pioneering the Age of Discovery, Portugal expanded western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers, and ultimately dividing the world with Spain.
/m/01gbn6	Kevin Delaney Kline is an American stage and film actor. He is a 2003 American Theatre Hall of Fame inductee.\nKline began his career on stage in 1972 with The Acting Company. He went on to win two Tony Awards for his work in Broadway musicals, winning Best Featured Actor in a Musical for the 1978 original production of On the Twentieth Century and Best Actor in a Musical for the 1981 revival of The Pirates of Penzance. His other stage roles include Falstaff in the 2003 Broadway production of Henry IV, for which he won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play.\nHe made his film debut in 1982, opposite Meryl Streep in Sophie's Choice. For his role in the 1988 comedy hit A Fish Called Wanda, he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He has also been nominated for an Emmy Award, two BAFTA Awards and five Golden Globe Awards. His other films include The Big Chill, Cry Freedom, Dave, The Ice Storm, In & Out and De-Lovely.
/m/05bt6j	Pop rock is a music genre which mixes a catchy pop style and light lyrics in its guitar-based rock songs. There are varying definitions of the term, ranging from a slower and mellower form of rock music to a subgenre of pop music. The detractors of pop rock often deride it as a slick, commercial product, less authentic than rock music.
/m/02tqm5	Evil Angels, released as A Cry in the Dark outside of Australia and New Zealand, is a 1988 Australian film directed by Fred Schepisi. The screenplay by Schepisi and Robert Caswell is based on John Bryson's 1985 book of the same name. It chronicles the case of Azaria Chamberlain, a nine-week-old baby girl who disappeared from a camp-ground near Uluru in August 1980 and the struggle of her parents, Michael and Lindy, to prove their innocence to a public convinced that they were complicit in her death. Meryl Streep and Sam Neill star as the Chamberlains, and Streep was Oscar nominated for her performance.\nThe film was released less than two months after the Chamberlains were exonerated by the Northern Territory Court of Appeals of all charges filed against them.
/m/0x3b7	Emmylou Harris is an American singer and songwriter. She has released many popular albums and singles over the course of her career, and has now won 13 Grammys - as of 2014 - as well as numerous other awards.\nHer work and recordings include work as a solo artist, bandleader, an interpreter of other composers' works and as a singer-songwriter, and a backing vocalist and duet partner. She has worked with numerous leading artists including Gram Parsons, John Denver, Linda Ronstadt, Dolly Parton, Roy Orbison, The Band, Mark Knopfler, Guy Clark, Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, Rodney Crowell, Neil Young and Steve Earle.
/m/0m7d0	Allegheny County is a county in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,223,348, making it the second most populous county in Pennsylvania following Philadelphia County. The county seat is Pittsburgh. The county forms the nucleus of the tri-state Pittsburgh metropolitan area and Pittsburgh DMA.
/m/040vk98	Given to winners of the annual Locus magazine poll for best science fiction novel. From 1971-1977, and in 1979, the award was titled Best Novel, but the genre was implied.
/m/02zmh5	Martin Sandberg, known professionally as Max Martin, is a Swedish music producer and songwriter. He rose to prominence in the mid-1990s after crafting a string of major hits for artists such as Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears and 'N Sync. Some of his earlier hits include \"Quit Playing Games\", \"Everybody\", \"I Want It That Way\", \"...Baby One More Time\", \"Oops!... I Did It Again\", and \"It's My Life\".\nHis trademark during the second half of the 1990s and the early 2000s was a danceable, keyboard-laden pop sound that blended music styles such as funk, heavy metal and europop. However, with Kelly Clarkson's songs \"Since U Been Gone\" and \"Behind These Hazel Eyes\", Martin stepped back into the spotlight after reinventing himself with a heavier, rock-tinged sound.\nSince 1999, he has written and co-written 17 Billboard number-one hits, including \"Wish You Were Here\" by Avril Lavigne; \"So What\" and \"Raise Your Glass\" by Pink; \"I Kissed a Girl\", \"Hot n Cold\", \"California Gurls\", \"Teenage Dream\", \"E.T.\", \"Last Friday Night\", \"Part of Me\", \"Roar\", \"The One That Got Away\" and \"Wide Awake\" by Katy Perry; \"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together\" by Taylor Swift; \"My Life Would Suck Without You\" by Kelly Clarkson, \"...Baby One More Time\", \"3\", \"Hold It Against Me\" by Britney Spears, and \"One More Night\" by Maroon 5. Top-10 singles co-written by Martin in the same period include \"Dynamite\" by Taio Cruz, \"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love\" by Usher, \"Whataya Want From Me\" by Adam Lambert, \"F**kin' Perfect\" by Pink, \"Beauty and a Beat\" by Justin Bieber, and, \"I Knew You Were Trouble\" by Taylor Swift.
/m/02tktw	What Lies Beneath is a 2000 American supernatural horror film directed by Robert Zemeckis. It is the first film by ImageMovers. It stars Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfeiffer as a well-to-do couple who experience a strange haunting that uncovers secrets about their past.
/m/02q56mk	Wonder Boys is a 2000 comedy film directed by Curtis Hanson and written by Steve Kloves. The film was based on the novel of the same title by Michael Chabon. Michael Douglas stars as professor Grady Tripp, a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university. He has been unable to finish his second novel, his young wife has left him, and he is having an affair with the Chancellor of the university, who is the wife of the chairman of his department. Grady's editor is in town to see his new book and becomes interested in a book that one of Grady's students has just completed.\nIt was filmed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, including locations at Carnegie Mellon University, Chatham University, and Shady Side Academy. Other Pennsylvania locations included Beaver, Rochester and Rostraver Township.\nAfter the film failed at the box office, there was a second attempt to find an audience with a new marketing campaign and a November 8, 2000, re-release, which was also a financial disappointment.
/m/04sskp	Merlin is a television miniseries which originally aired in 1998 that retells the legend of King Arthur from the perspective of the wizard Merlin. Sam Neill stars in the title role in a story that covers not only the rise and fall of Camelot but also the phase in the legendary history of Britain that precedes it.\nThe film deviates from more traditional versions of the legend, notably by including new characters such as Queen Mab and by keeping Merlin through the whole reign of King Arthur over Britain. The film was followed by a sequel in 2006, Merlin's Apprentice, which was more loosely connected with traditional Arthurian legend.
/m/0l2xl	Santa Clara County, officially the County of Santa Clara, is a county located at the southern end of the San Francisco Bay Area in the U.S. state of California. As of 2010 it had a population of 1,781,642. The county seat is San Jose. The highly urbanized Santa Clara Valley within Santa Clara County is also known as Silicon Valley. Santa Clara is the most populous county in the Bay Area region, and one of the most affluent counties in the United States.
/m/05r5c	The piano is a musical instrument played using a keyboard. It is widely used in classical and jazz music for solo performances, ensemble use, chamber music and accompaniment and for composing and rehearsal. Although the piano is not portable and often expensive, its versatility and ubiquity have made it one of the world's most familiar musical instruments.\nA piano usually has a protective wooden case surrounding the soundboard and metal strings, and a row of black and white keys. The strings are sounded when the keys are pressed down, and are silenced when the keys are released. The note can be sustained, even when the keys are released, by the use of pedals at the bottom of the piano.\nPressing a key on the piano's keyboard causes a padded hammer to strike steel strings. The hammers rebound, and the strings continue to vibrate at their resonant frequency. These vibrations are transmitted through a bridge to a soundboard that more efficiently couples the acoustic energy to the air. The sound would otherwise be no louder than that directly produced by the strings. When the key is released, a damper stops the string's vibration and the sound. See the article on piano key frequencies for a picture of the piano keyboard and the location of middle C. In the Hornbostel-Sachs system of instrument classification, pianos are considered chordophones.
/m/0y3_8	Synthpop is a genre of popular music that first became prominent in the 1980s, in which the synthesizer is the dominant musical instrument. It was prefigured in the 1960s and early 1970s by the use of synthesizers in progressive rock, electronic art rock, disco and particularly the \"Krautrock\" of bands like Kraftwerk. It arose as a distinct genre in Japan and the United Kingdom in the post-punk era as part of the new wave movement of the late-1970s to the mid-1980s.\nEarly synthpop pioneers included Japanese group Yellow Magic Orchestra and British bands Ultravox and the Human League; the latter largely used monophonic synthesizers to produce music with a simple and austere sound. After the breakthrough of Tubeway Army and Gary Numan in the British Singles Chart, large numbers of artists began to enjoy success with a synthesizer-based sound in the early 1980s, including Soft Cell, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, Japan and Depeche Mode in the United Kingdom, while in Japan, Yellow Magic Orchestra's success opened the way for synthpop bands such as P-Model, Plastics, and Hikashu. The development of inexpensive polyphonic synthesizers, the definition of MIDI and the use of dance beats, led to a more commercial and accessible sound for synthpop. This, its adoption by the style-conscious acts from the New Romantic movement, together with the rise of MTV, led to success for large numbers of British synthpop acts, including Duran Duran and Spandau Ballet, in the United States.
/m/0fsyx	The Cure are an English rock band formed in Crawley, West Sussex, in 1976. The band has experienced several line-up changes, with vocalist, guitarist and principal songwriter Robert Smith being the only constant member. The Cure first began releasing music in the late 1970s with its debut album Three Imaginary Boys. Their second single, \"Boys Don't Cry\", became a hit; this, along with several early singles, placed the band as part of the post-punk and new wave movements that had sprung up in the wake of the punk rock revolution in the United Kingdom. During the early 1980s, the band's increasingly dark and tormented music helped form the gothic rock genre.\nAfter the release of 1982's Pornography, the band's future was uncertain and Smith was keen to move past the gloomy reputation his band had acquired. With the single \"Let's Go to Bed\" released the same year, Smith began to place a pop sensibility into the band's music. The Cure's popularity increased as the decade wore on, especially in the United States where the songs \"Just Like Heaven\", \"Lovesong\" and \"Friday I'm in Love\" entered the Billboard Hot 100 chart. By the start of the 1990s, the Cure were one of the most popular alternative rock bands in the world. The band is estimated to have sold 27 million albums as of 2004. The Cure have released thirteen studio albums, ten EPs and over thirty singles during the course of their career.
/m/059gkk	Frank Vincent Gattuso, known professionally as Frank Vincent, is an American actor, musician, author and entrepreneur. He is a favorite performer of director Martin Scorsese, having played important roles in three of Scorsese's most acclaimed films: Raging Bull, Goodfellas and Casino. He has also lent his voice talents to video games, most noticeably as Salvatore Leone, the head of the Leone crime family, in the Grand Theft Auto series . He played the New York City boss Phil Leotardo in the HBO series The Sopranos.
/m/022q32	Nicole Camille Richie is an American fashion designer, author, actress and television personality. Richie rose to prominence for her role in the Fox reality television series, The Simple Life, alongside her childhood best friend and fellow socialite Paris Hilton, which lasted five seasons. The Simple Life was a massive hit for the Fox network, premiering with 13 million viewers, and brought Richie and Hilton to international recognition. Richie's personal life attracted significant media attention during The Simple Life's five-year run and she was a constant fixture of tabloid journalism before and after her appearance.\nAfterwards she turned her focus on other projects including charity work and environmental issues. Richie is married to musician Joel Madden and they have two children. Richie and Madden founded \"The Richie Madden Children's Foundation\" in 2010. Richie has starred as one of the three mentors on NBC's Fashion Star.
/m/03k50	Hindi, or more precisely Modern Standard Hindi, is a standardised and Sanskritised register of the Hindustani language. Hindustani is the native language of people living in Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and parts of Rajasthan. Hindi is one of the official languages of India.
/m/043q4d	A contestant is someone who takes part in a competition, usually a professional competition or a game show on television. The participants competing against each other have to go through rounds. The winners may have to compete in later stages or rounds until there is just one winner.
/m/025tdwc	Vijaya Thesingu Rajendar is a Tamil film actor and director as well as a composer, screenwriter, cinematographer, producer, singer and playback singer. He is also a politician in Tamil Nadu, India.
/m/0296rz	Hoffa is a 1992 French-American biographical film directed by Danny DeVito and written by David Mamet, based on the life of Teamsters Union leader Jimmy Hoffa. Jack Nicholson plays Hoffa, and DeVito plays Hoffa's fictional longtime friend Robert \"Bobby\" Ciaro, an amalgamation of several Hoffa associates over the years.\nThe film also stars John C. Reilly, Robert Prosky, Kevin Anderson, Armand Assante, and J. T. Walsh. The original music score is by David Newman.
/m/0n85g	Virgin Records is a British record label founded by English entrepreneur Richard Branson, Simon Draper, Nik Powell and Tom Newman in 1972. The company grew to be a worldwide music phenomenon, with platinum performers such as Roy Orbison, Devo, Genesis, Keith Richards, Janet Jackson, Culture Club, Simple Minds, Lenny Kravitz, The Smashing Pumpkins, Mike Oldfield, Spice Girls and more on their list of artists. It was later sold to Thorn EMI in 1992. Its American operations were merged with Capitol Records in 2007 to create the Capitol Music Group. Currently owned by Universal Music Group after its purchase of EMI in 2012, UMG reorganized its British operations to create Virgin EMI Records on March 2013 which absorbed Mercury Records UK.
/m/01z9_x	Malcolm John \"Mac\" Rebennack, Jr., better known by the stage name Dr. John, is an American singer-songwriter, pianist and guitarist, whose music combines blues, pop, jazz as well as zydeco, boogie woogie and rock and roll.\nActive as a session musician since the late 1950s, he gained a cult following in the late 1960s following the release of his album Gris-Gris and his appearance at the Bath Festival of Blues and Progressive Music. He came to wider prominence in the early 1970s with a wildly theatrical stage show inspired by medicine shows, Mardi Gras costumes and voodoo ceremonies. Rebennack has recorded over 20 albums and in 1973 scored a top-20 hit with the jaunty funk-flavored \"Right Place Wrong Time\", still perhaps his best-known song.\nThe winner of six Grammy Awards, Rebennack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by singer John Legend on March 14, 2011. In May 2013, Rebennack was the recipient of an honorary doctorate of fine arts from Tulane University. He was jokingly referred to by Tulane's president, Scott Cowen, as \"Dr. Dr. John\".
/m/0170pk	Geoffrey Roy Rush, AC, is an Australian actor and film producer. He is one of the few people who have won the \"Triple Crown of Acting\": an Academy Award, a Tony Award and an Emmy Award. He has won one Academy Award for acting, three British Academy Film Awards, two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. He is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
/m/04_jsg	Thomas Matthew \"Tom\" DeLonge, Jr. is an American musician, author, and entrepreneur. He is the guitarist and one of the two lead vocalists for the American alternative band Blink-182 as well as the guitarist and lead vocalist for the alternative band Angels & Airwaves. He was also the guitarist and lead vocalist for the alternative band Box Car Racer. Raised in Poway, California, DeLonge developed an interest in punk rock during his teens. After being expelled from Poway High School for drinking at a basketball game, he attended Rancho Bernardo High School where he met Anne Hoppus. She introduced him to her brother, Mark Hoppus, who also shared an interest in music. DeLonge introduced his friend Scott Raynor to Hoppus.\nThe three formed Blink-182 which went on to become one of the most popular pop punk groups of the 1990s–2000s. Travis Barker replaced Raynor in later years due to his excessive drinking. The group underwent an indefinite hiatus in 2005, leading to the formation of Angels & Airwaves, and Hoppus and Barker's band +44, in the same year. Blink-182 reformed in 2009, and released a new album in September 2011. Angels & Airwaves has continued to record new albums and tour. DeLonge has also pursued non-musical endeavors; he created a social networking website called Modlife, as well as two clothing companies. In 2001, he started Atticus Clothing and Macbeth Footwear with Mark Hoppus. DeLonge sold his shares in Atticus Clothing, and is currently the sole owner of Macbeth Footwear.
/m/04n2r9h	The winners of the 13th Annual Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film and television in 2008, were announced on December 14, 2008.
/m/0274v0r	The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Achievement in Cinematography is an award in the annual Australian Film Institute Awards. It has been awarded annually since 1976.
/m/049w1q	The Clearing is a 2004 American drama film and the directorial debut of Pieter Jan Brugge, who has worked as a film producer. The film is loosely based on the real-life kidnapping of Gerrit Jan Heijn that took place in the Netherlands in 1987. The screenplay was written by Justin Haythe.
/m/07tds	The University of Pennsylvania is an American private Ivy League research university located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Incorporated as The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, Penn is one of 14 founding members of the Association of American Universities and one of the nine original Colonial Colleges.\nBenjamin Franklin, Penn's founder, advocated an educational program that focused as much on practical education for commerce and public service as on the classics and theology. Penn was one of the first academic institutions to follow a multidisciplinary model pioneered by several European universities, concentrating multiple \"faculties\" into one institution. It was also home to many other educational innovations. The first school of medicine in North America, the first collegiate business school and the first student union were all born at Penn.\nPenn offers a broad range of academic departments, an extensive research enterprise and a number of community outreach and public service programs. It is particularly well known for its medical school, dental school, design school, school of business, law school, communications school, nursing school, veterinary school, its social sciences and humanities programs, as well as its biomedical teaching and research capabilities. Its undergraduate programs are also among the most selective in the country. One of Penn's most well known academic qualities is its emphasis on interdisciplinary education, which it promotes through numerous joint degree programs, research centers and professorships, a unified campus, and the ability for students to take classes from any of Penn's schools.
/m/01k60v	Silkwood is a 1983 American drama film directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Nora Ephron and Alice Arlen was inspired by the life of Karen Silkwood, a labor union activist who died in a suspicious car accident while investigating alleged wrongdoing at the Kerr-McGee plutonium plant where she worked.
/m/0rrwt	Sarasota is a city located in Sarasota County on the southwestern coast of the U.S. state of Florida. The area is renowned for its cultural and environmental amenities, beaches, resorts, connections to the Ringling family, and its 'school' of architecture. It is south of the Tampa Bay Area and north of Fort Myers. Its current official limits include Sarasota Bay and several barrier islands between the bay and the Gulf of Mexico. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2012 Sarasota had a population of 52,211. In 1986 it became designated as a certified local government. Sarasota is a principal city of the Bradenton-Sarasota-Venice, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, and is the seat of Sarasota County.\nIt is among the communities included in a two-county federally mandated Metropolitan Planning Organization that includes all of Sarasota and Manatee counties and the chairs of the three elements of that organization belong to the eight-county regional planning organization for western central Florida.\nThe islands separating Sarasota Bay from the gulf near the city, known as keys, include Lido Key and Siesta Key, which are famous worldwide for the quality of their sandy beaches. The keys that are included in the boundary of Sarasota are Lido Key, St. Armands Key, Otter Key, Coon Key, Bird Key, and portions of Siesta Key. Previously, Siesta Key was named Sarasota Key. At one time, it and all of Longboat Key were considered part of Sarasota and confusing contemporaneous references may be found discussing them.
/m/03y9ccy	George Vincent \"Vince\" Gilligan, Jr. is an American writer, director, and producer. He is known for his television work, specifically being the creator of Breaking Bad, co-creator of The Lone Gunmen, and a writer and producer for The X-Files. He has two upcoming series planned: Battle Creek, a police drama, and Better Call Saul, a Breaking Bad spin-off.
/m/011xy1	Trinity College, formally known as the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, is the sole constituent college of the University of Dublin in Ireland. The college was founded in 1592 as the \"mother\" of a new university, modelled after the collegiate universities of Oxford and of Cambridge, but, unlike these, only one college was ever established; as such, the designations \"Trinity College\" and \"University of Dublin\" are usually synonymous for practical purposes. It is one of the seven ancient universities of Britain and Ireland, as well as Ireland's oldest university.\nOriginally established outside the city walls of Dublin in the buildings of the dissolved Augustinian Priory of All Hallows, Trinity College was set up in part to consolidate the rule of the Tudor monarchy in Ireland, and it was seen as the university of the Protestant Ascendancy for much of its history. Although Catholics and Dissenters had been permitted to enter as early as 1793, certain restrictions on their membership of the college remained until 1873, and the Catholic Church in Ireland forbade its adherents, without permission from their bishop, from attending until 1970. Women were first admitted to the college as full members in 1904.²
/m/0d8qb	A journalist collects, writes, and distributes news and other information. A journalist's work is referred to as journalism.
/m/02wvfxl	The Boston College Eagles football team represents Boston College in the sport of American football. The Eagles compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Begun in 1892, Boston College's football team was one of six \"Major College\" football programs in New England as designated by NCAA classifications, starting in 1938. By 1981, and for the remainder of the twentieth century, BC was New England's sole Division I-A program. It has amassed a 624–444–37 record and is 99–54–0 since the turn of the 21st century.\nSteve Addazio was named the team's head coach on December 4, 2012, replacing Frank Spaziani. Boston College is one of only two Catholic universities that field a team in the Football Bowl Subdivision, the other being Notre Dame. The Eagles' home games are played at Alumni Stadium on the Boston College campus in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. In addition to success on the gridiron, Boston College football teams are consistently ranked among the nation's best for academic achievement and graduation. In 2005, 2006 and 2007, the football team's Academic Progress Rate was the highest of any school that finished the season ranked in the AP or ESPN/USA Today Coaches' polls.
/m/01pr6q7	Maximilian Raoul \"Max\" Steiner was an Austrian-born American composer of music for theatre and films. He was a child prodigy who conducted his first operetta when he was twelve and became a full-time professional, either composing, arranging or conducting, when he was fifteen.\nHe worked in England, then Broadway, and moved to Hollywood in 1929 where he became one of the first composers to write music scores for films. Steiner is referred to as \"the father of film music\" and is considered one of the greatest film score composers in the history of cinema. Along with such composers as Dimitri Tiomkin, Franz Waxman, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Alfred Newman and Miklós Rózsa, Steiner played a major part in creating the tradition of writing music for films.\nSteiner composed over 300 film scores with RKO and Warner Brothers, and was nominated for 24 Academy Awards, winning three: The Informer, Now, Voyager, and Since You Went Away. Besides his Oscar-winning scores, some of Steiner's popular works include King Kong, Little Women, Jezebel, Casablanca, and the film score for which he is possibly best known, Gone with the Wind.
/m/018gqj	Burt Freeman Bacharach is an American singer–songwriter, composer, record producer and pianist. A six-time Grammy Award winner and three-time Academy Award winner, he is known for his popular hit songs and compositions from the late 1950s through the 1980s, many with lyrics written by Hal David as part of the duo Bacharach and David.\nMost of their hits were written specifically for and performed by Dionne Warwick, but early on they worked with Gene Pitney and Gene McDaniels. Following the initial success of these collaborations, Bacharach went on to write hits for The Carpenters, Dusty Springfield, Bobbie Gentry, Jackie DeShannon, Tom Jones, Herb Alpert, B.J. Thomas and others.\nAs of 2012, Bacharach had written 73 Top 40 hits in the U.S. and 52 Top 40 hits in the UK.
/m/0mn0v	Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 437,994., in 2013, the population was estimated to be 449,628, It is the most populous city in Virginia as well as the 39th most populous in the United States.\nLocated on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay, Virginia Beach is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. This area, known as \"America's First Region\", also includes the independent cities of Chesapeake, Hampton, Newport News, Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Suffolk, as well as other smaller cities, counties, and towns of Hampton Roads.\nVirginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels, motels, and restaurants along its oceanfront. Every year the city hosts the East Coast Surfing Championships as well as the North American Sand Soccer Championship, a beach soccer tournament. It is also home to several state parks, several long-protected beach areas, three military bases, a number of large corporations, two universities, Edgar Cayce's Association for Research and Enlightenment, and numerous historic sites. Near the point where the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean meet, Cape Henry was the site of the first landing of the English colonists, who eventually settled in Jamestown, on April 26, 1607.
/m/0q9zc	Lawrence Gene \"Larry\" David is an American actor, writer, comedian, and television producer. He was the co-creator, with Jerry Seinfeld, of the television series Seinfeld, and was its head writer and executive producer from 1989 to 1996. David has subsequently gained further recognition for the HBO series Curb Your Enthusiasm, also created by David, in which he stars as a semi-fictionalized version of himself.\nDavid's work won him a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series in 1993. Formerly a standup comedian, David went into television comedy, writing and starring in ABC's Fridays, as well as writing briefly for Saturday Night Live. He has won two Primetime Emmy Awards as well as being voted by fellow comedians and comedy insiders as number 23 of the greatest comedy stars ever in a British poll to select The Comedian's Comedian.
/m/02sdwt	Erasmus Hall High School was a four-year public high school located at 899-925 Flatbush Avenue between Church and Snyder Avenues in the Flatbush neighborhood of the New York City borough of Brooklyn. It was founded in 1786 as Erasmus Hall Academy, a private institution of higher learning named for the scholar Desiderius Erasmus, a Dutch Renaissance humanist and Catholic Christian theologian. The school was the first secondary school chartered by the New York State Regents. The clapboard-sided, Georgian-Federal-style building, constructed on land donated by the Flatbush Reformed Dutch Church, was turned over to the public school system in 1896.\nAround the start of the 20th century, Brooklyn experienced a rapidly growing population, and the original small school was enlarged with the addition of several wings and the purchase of several nearby buildings. In 1904, the Board of Education began a new building campaign to meet the needs of the burgeoning student population. The Superintendent of School Buildings, architect C. B. J. Snyder, designed a series of buildings to be constructed as needed, around an open quadrangle, while continuing to use the old building in the center of the courtyard. The original Academy building, which still stands in the courtyard of the current school, served the students of Erasmus Hall in three different centuries. Now a designated New York City Landmark and listed in the National Register of Historic Places, the building is a museum exhibiting the school’s long and colorful history.
/m/07m2y	The tuba is the largest and lowest-pitched brass instrument. Sound is produced by vibrating or \"buzzing\" the lips into a large cupped mouthpiece. It first appeared in the mid 19th-century, making it one of the newest instruments in the modern orchestra and concert band. The tuba largely replaced the ophicleide. Tuba is Latin for Pipe. The horn referred to would most likely resemble what is known as a baroque trumpet.\nA person who plays the tuba is known as a tubaist or tubist. In the United Kingdom a person who plays the tuba in an orchestra is known simply as a tuba player; in a brass band or military band they are known as a bass player.
/m/0fp_xp	Jermaine Maurice Easter is a Welsh international footballer currently playing as a striker for Millwall.
/m/0bmpm	Going My Way is a 1944 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald. Based on a story by Leo McCarey, the film is about a new young priest taking over a parish from an established old veteran. Crosby sings five songs in the film. Going My Way was followed the next year by a sequel, The Bells of St. Mary's.\nGoing My Way was the highest-grossing picture of 1944, and was nominated for 10 Academy Awards, winning 7, including Best Picture. Its success helped to make movie exhibitors choose Crosby as the biggest box-office draw of the year, a record he would hold for the remainder of the 1940s. After World War II, Bing Crosby and Leo McCarey presented a copy of the motion picture to Pope Pius XII at the Vatican.
/m/05b4w	Norway, officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a Scandinavian unitary constitutional monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula, Jan Mayen, the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island. Norway has a total area of 385,252 square kilometres and a population of a little above 5 million. It is the 2nd least densely populated country in Europe. The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden, which is the longest uninterrupted border within both Scandinavia & Europe at large. Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east, and the Skagerrak Strait to the south, with Denmark on the other side. It shares maritime borders with Russia by the Barents Sea; Greenland, the Faroe Islands, and Iceland by the Norwegian Sea; and Sweden, Denmark, and the United Kingdom by the North Sea. Norway's extensive coastline, facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea, is laced with fjords, a renowned part of its landscape. The capital city Oslo is the largest in the nation, with a population of 630,000. Norway has extensive reserves of petroleum, natural gas, minerals, lumber, seafood, fresh water, and hydropower.
/m/06l22	Real Madrid Club de Fútbol, commonly known as Real Madrid, is a professional football club based in Madrid, Spain.\nFounded in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, has traditionally worn a white home kit since. The word Real is Spanish for royal and was bestowed to the club by King Alfonso XIII in 1920 together with the royal crown in the emblem. The team has played its home matches in the 85,454-capacity Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in downtown Madrid since 1947. Unlike most European football clubs, Real Madrid's members have owned and operated the club since its inception.\nThe club is the world's richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of €513 million, and the most valuable sports team, worth €3.3 billion. It is one of three clubs to have never been relegated from the top flight of Spanish football, along with Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona. Real Madrid holds many long-standing rivalries, most notably El Clásico with FC Barcelona and El Derbi madrileño with Atlético Madrid.\nThe club established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s. Domestically, Real Madrid has won a record 32 La Liga titles, 18 Copas del Rey, 9 Supercopas de España, 1 Copa Eva Duarte and 1 Copa de la Liga. Internationally it has won a record nine European Cup/UEFA Champions League titles and a joint record three Intercontinental Cups, as well as two UEFA Cups, and one UEFA Super Cup.
/m/0nlh7	Edmonton is the capital of the Canadian province of Alberta. Edmonton is on the North Saskatchewan River and is the centre of the Edmonton Capital Region, which is surrounded by Alberta's central region.\nThe city had a population of 812,201 in the 2011 census, making it Alberta's second-largest city and Canada's fifth-largest municipality. This population represents 70 percent of the total 2011 population of 1,159,869 within the Edmonton census metropolitan area, Canada's sixth-largest CMA by population. Edmonton is the northernmost North American city with a metropolitan population over one million. A resident of Edmonton is known as an Edmontonian.\nEdmonton's historic growth has been facilitated through the absorption of five adjacent urban municipalities, including Strathcona, North Edmonton, West Edmonton, Beverly and Jasper Place, and a series of annexations of surrounding rural lands until 1982. Edmonton serves as the northern anchor of the Calgary–Edmonton Corridor and is a staging point for large-scale oil sands projects occurring in northern Alberta and large-scale diamond mining operations in the Northwest Territories.\nEdmonton is a cultural, governmental and educational centre. It hosts a year-round slate of festivals, reflected in the nickname \"The Festival City.\" It is home to North America's largest mall, West Edmonton Mall, and Fort Edmonton Park, Canada's largest living history museum.
/m/0151w_	Benjamin Géza Affleck-Boldt, better known as Ben Affleck, is an American actor, film director, producer, and screenwriter. He first came to attention for his performances in the Kevin Smith films Mallrats, Chasing Amy, and Dogma. In 1997, Affleck gained recognition as a writer when he won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Screenplay for Good Will Hunting, which he co-wrote and in which he co-starred with actor Matt Damon. He later achieved international recognition for starring in films such as Armageddon, Pearl Harbor, Changing Lanes, The Sum of All Fears, Daredevil, Hollywoodland, State of Play, and The Town.\nAffleck is also critically acclaimed film director. He gained recognition as a director for his directorial debut Gone Baby Gone for which he won the National Board of Review Award for Best Directorial Debut. He then directed and starred in The Town and Argo, which won him the Golden Globe Award, BAFTA, and Directors Guild Award for Best Director, and the Golden Globe Award, BAFTA, the Producers Guild Award, and the Academy Award for Best Picture. He will continue his directorial career when he adapts Dennis Lehane's 2012 novel Live by Night for a 2015 theatrical release.
/m/03cvvlg	Doubt is a 2008 American drama film adaptation of John Patrick Shanley's Pulitzer Prize winning fictive stage play Doubt: A Parable. Written and directed by Shanley and produced by Scott Rudin, the film stars Meryl Streep, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, and Viola Davis. It premiered October 30, 2008 at the AFI Fest before being distributed by Miramax Films in limited release on December 12, 2008 and in wide release on December 25.\nThe film's four main actors were heavily praised for their acting, and all of them were nominated for Oscars at the 81st Academy Awards.
/m/0fvzg	Oklahoma City is the capital of the U.S. state of Oklahoma and its largest city. The county seat of Oklahoma County, the city ranks 29th among United States cities in population. As of the 2012 census, the population was 599,199. In 2010 the Oklahoma City metropolitan area had a population of 1,252,987, and the Oklahoma City-Shawnee Combined Statistical Area had a population of 1,322,249 residents, making it Oklahoma's largest metropolitan area. Oklahoma City's city limits extend into Canadian, Cleveland, and Pottawatomie counties, though much of those areas outside of the core Oklahoma County area are suburban or rural. The city ranks as the eighth-largest city in the United States by land area.\nOklahoma City features one of the largest livestock markets in the world. Oil, natural gas, petroleum products and related industries are the largest sector of the local economy. The city is situated in the middle of an active oil field and oil derricks dot the capitol grounds. The federal government employs large numbers of workers at Tinker Air Force Base and the United States Department of Transportation's Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center.
/m/0sxkh	Kiss of the Spider Woman is a 1985 Brazilian-American drama film directed by Argentine-born Brazilian director Héctor Babenco, and adapted by Leonard Schrader from the Manuel Puig novel of the same name. William Hurt, Raúl Juliá, Sonia Braga, José Lewgoy, and Milton Gonçalves star in the leading roles.
/m/02qyv3h	Iron Sky is a 2012 Finnish-German-Australian comic science fiction action film directed by Timo Vuorensola and written by Johanna Sinisalo and Michael Kalesniko. It tells the story of a group of Nazi Germans who, having been defeated in 1945, fled to the Moon where they built a space fleet to return in 2018 and conquer Earth.\nIron Sky comes from the makers of Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning and was produced by Tero Kaukomaa of Blind Spot Pictures and Energia Productions, co-produced by New Holland Pictures and 27 Films, and co-financed by numerous individual supporters; Samuli Torssonen was responsible for the computer-generated imagery. It was theatrically released throughout Europe in April 2012.\nOn 20 May 2012, Kaukomaa announced that there are plans for a prequel and a sequel but refused to disclose details. The video game adaptation Iron Sky: Invasion was released in October 2012. A sequel titled Iron Sky: The Coming Race is in the works.
/m/02778tk	Matt Hubbard is an American television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many television shows. He graduated from Beverly High School, in Beverly, Massachusetts in the class of 1996, where he excelled in the English Department. He later went on to attend Harvard University where he was an editor for the Harvard Lampoon. He has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock. He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Comedic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of 30 Rock. He won the 2009 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for his work on 30 Rock and was nominated again in 2010 and 2011.
/m/0ckr7s	Sailor Moon R: The Movie is the first of three theatrically released Sailor Moon films. Its full name in Japanese, Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon R The Movie, became Sailor Moon R the Movie: Promise of the Rose in the English-language dub. The film debuted in Japanese theaters on December 5, 1993 and Pioneer Entertainment released it in the United States on February 8, 2000. It takes its name from the second arc of the Sailor Moon anime, Sailor Moon R, as Toei Company distributed it around the same time. The events portrayed seem to take place somewhere in the very end of the series, as Chibiusa knows about the identities of the Sailor Senshi, knows that Usagi is her mother and is still around, the characters are in the present rather than the future, and Mamoru and Usagi are back together.
/m/01w02sy	Courtney Michelle Love is an American singer-songwriter, musician, actress, and artist. As frontwoman of alternative rock band Hole, Love's uninhibited stage presence and confrontational lyrics, combined with publicity attached to her 1992 marriage to Kurt Cobain and battles with drug addiction, made her a noticeable and controversial figure in the alternative music scene of the 1990s. Love received considerable critical acclaim and commercial success for her work as vocalist, lyricist, and guitarist of Hole, as well as critical recognition as an actress; her leading role in Miloš Forman's 1996 film The People vs. Larry Flynt earned her a Golden Globe Nomination for Best Actress.\nLove was born to psychotherapist Linda Carroll, and writer and ex-Grateful Dead manager Hank Harrison; she was mainly brought up in Oregon by her mother after her parents divorced in 1969. As a teenager, Love spent some time in a correctional facility and in foster care before gaining independence and supporting herself as an erotic dancer while studying English and philosophy at Portland State University. In 1981, Love traveled to Europe, and then enrolled at the San Francisco Art Institute where she began studying film with George Kuchar before landing roles in Alex Cox's films Sid and Nancy and Straight to Hell.
/m/0jm3v	The New York Knickerbockers, commonly referred to as the Knicks, are a professional basketball team based in New York City, New York. The team, established by Ned Irish in 1946, was one of the founding members of the Basketball Association of America, which became the NBA after merging with rival National Basketball League in 1949. The team plays at Madison Square Garden in the borough of Manhattan and is one of only two teams of the original National Basketball Association still located in its original city.\nThe Knicks were successful during their early years and were constant playoff contenders under the franchise's first head coach Joe Lapchick. Beginning in 1950, the Knicks made three consecutive appearances in the NBA Finals, all of which were losing efforts. Lapchick resigned in 1956 and the team subsequently began to falter. It was not until the late 1960s when Red Holzman became head coach did the Knicks begin to regain their former dominance. Holzman successfully guided the Knicks to two championship titles in 1970 and 1973. The Knicks of the 1980s had mixed success that included six playoff appearances however, they failed to participate in the NBA Finals.
/m/0284b56	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a 2007 crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, his last feature film before his death in 2011.\nWritten by Kelly Masterson, the film stars Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei, and Albert Finney. The title comes from the Irish saying: \"May you be in heaven a full half-hour before the devil knows you're dead\". The film unfolds non-linearly, repeatedly going back and forth in time, with some scenes shown from various points of view.\nThe film received critical acclaim, and was selected as one of 2007's ten most influential American films by the American Film Institute at the 2007 AFI Awards.
/m/0mw89	Westmoreland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 365,169. The county seat is Greensburg.\nWestmoreland County was founded on February 26, 1773 and was the first county in the colony of Pennsylvania west of the Allegheny Mountains. Westmoreland County originally included the present-day counties of Fayette, Washington, Greene, and parts of Beaver, Allegheny, Indiana, and Armstrong counties. It is included in the Pittsburgh Metro Area, while north-eastern Westmoreland County borders the Johnstown Metro Area. A major coal strike occurred in the county in the winter of 1910–11.
/m/011k1h	EMI Group Limited, also known as EMI Music or simply EMI, was a British multinational music recording and publishing company, and electronics device and systems manufacturing company, headquartered in London, United Kingdom.\nAt the time of its break-up in 2012 it was the fourth-largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry and was one of the big four record companies. Its record labels included EMI Records, Parlophone and Capitol Records. EMI Group also had a major publishing arm, EMI Music Publishing – also based in London with offices globally.\nThe company was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index, but faced financial troubles and $4 billion in debt, leading to its acquisition by Citigroup in February 2011. Citigroup's ownership was temporary, as it announced in November 2011 that it would sell its music arm to Vivendi's Universal Music Group for $1.9 billion, and EMI's publishing business to a Sony/ATV consortium for around $2.2 billion. Other members of the Sony consortium include The Estate of Michael Jackson, Blackstone and Abu Dhabi-owned investment fund Mubadala. Both before and after the sale announcement, Universal Music Group pledged to sell off EMI assets to the value of half a billion euros.
/m/042z_g	Anthony Howard \"Tony\" Goldwyn is an American actor and director. He portrayed the villain Carl Bruner in Ghost, Colonel Bagley in The Last Samurai, and the voice of the title character of the Disney animated film Tarzan. He stars in the ABC drama Scandal, as Fitzgerald Grant III, President of the United States.
/m/0229rs	Rhino Entertainment Company is an American specialty record label and production company. It is owned by Warner Music Group.
/m/0m2wm	Claudia Schiffer was born August 25, 1970 in Rheinberg, North Rhine-Westphalia. She began modelling in 1987, after being spotted in a nightclub in Dsseldorf. Weeks later she appeared in Elle magazine. Within a short time she modelled for Chanel. In the early 1990s she starred in Guess? jeans ads in North America. In more recent years, she has starred in advertising campaigns for brands such as Mango and Accessorize. From 1994 to 1999, Schiffer was married to the American illusionist,David Copperfield. They first met in 1993, when Schiffer attended one of Copperfield's shows and he invited her on stage to participate in his Flying illusion. Later in the same year, she joined Copperfield on an appearance on live German TV. During this appearance, Schiffer assisted Copperfield in a traditional Thin Model version of the famous stage illusion, Sawing a Woman in Half, with Schiffer being sawed in half by Copperfield and the shows host, who used a large two-person saw to cut her in half. Having sawed Schiffer in half and separated her halves, Copperfield then tickled her feet, causing her to scream with laughter and complain (in German) that she was ticklish. While she was still in two pieces, she was interviewed by the show's host, who asked her what it felt like to be sawed in half. Copperfield then asked her out on a date and, after she agreed, he finally put her back together in one piece. Shortly after this, they became engaged, and married the following year. While they were married, and when not otherwise occupied with her modelling work, Schiffer often joined her husband in his stage shows as a special guest assistant in a number of illusions. During the show, she would be levitated high into the air, made to vanish and re-appear, and finally sawed in half. Following the end of her marriage to Copperfield in 1999, Schiffer became romantically involved with the heir to the Green Shield Stamp empire, Tim Jeffries. On May 25, 2002 she married film producer Matthew de Vere Drummond, n Matthew Vaughn, son of George Albert Harley Drummond (also known as George de Vere Drummond). It was widely reported at the time of the wedding that one day Schiffer could become the Countess of Oxford because her father-in-law was in line of succession to the Earldom of Oxford and Mortimer. She is disqualified on two counts: Matthew's illegitimacy would bar him from any succession and George Harley Drummond is not in line for succession as he is not descended from the male line. Claudia and Matthew have two children: a son, Caspar Matthew De Vere Drummond, born in London on January 30, 2003 and a daughter, Clementine, born in London on November 11, 2004.Unusually, she didn't get her ears pierced until she was 35, when she had them pierced specially for the photoshoot for her 2006 Accessorize advertising campaign. Her contract for the campaign included an additional payment to cover the need for her to pierce her ears so as to be able to wear the pierced earrings she was required to model during the photoshoot.
/m/0pmw9	Paul Allen Wood Shaffer, CM is a Canadian-American musician, actor, voice actor, author, comedian, and composer who has been David Letterman's musical director, band leader and sidekick since 1982.
/m/02ppm4q	Best Actress in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a film. This award began in 1968 and had four nominees until 1999 when expanded to five nominees. There has been one tie in this category. No award was given for the years 1980 or 1981.\n† - indicates the performance also won the Academy Award\n‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Academy Award
/m/0y9j	Alkmaar Zaanstreek, better known as AZ Alkmaar or simply AZ, is an association football club from Alkmaar and the Zaanstreek, Netherlands. The club plays in the Eredivisie, the highest football league in the Netherlands. It was founded in 1967 as AZ '67.
/m/02f6xy	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video is one of the four original general awards that have been handed out every year since the very first MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. In 2007, though, the award was briefly renamed Male Artist of the Year, and it awarded the artist's whole body of work for that year rather than a specific video. However, the award returned to its original name in 2008. With three victories, Eminem is the artist with most wins in this category and most nominations with eight; Tom Petty, Beck, Will Smith, Justin Timberlake, and Chris Brown, all have won this category twice.
/m/01_gx_	The Yorkshire Terrier is a small dog breed of terrier type, developed in the 19th century in the county of Yorkshire, England, to catch rats in clothing mills, also used for rat-baiting. The defining features of the breed are its maximum size of 7 pounds and its gray, black, and tan coat. The breed is nicknamed Yorkie and is placed in the Toy Terrier section of the Terrier Group by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and in the Toy Group or Companion Group by other kennel clubs, although all agree that the breed is a terrier. A popular companion dog, the Yorkshire Terrier has also been part of the development of other breeds, such as the Australian Silky Terrier.
/m/01kff7	Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk western action-comedy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. A big-screen adaptation of the 1965–1969 TV series The Wild Wild West, it stars Will Smith, Kevin Kline, Kenneth Branagh and Salma Hayek.\nSimilar to the series, the film features a large amount of gadgetry. It serves as a parody, however, as the gadgetry is more highly advanced, implausible steampunk technology and bizarre mechanical inventions, including innumerable inventions of the mechanological geniuses Artemus Gordon and Dr. Loveless, such as nitroglycerine-powered penny-farthing bicycles, spring-loaded notebooks, bulletproof chain mail, flying machines, steam tanks, and Loveless's giant mechanical spider.\nWhile popular, Wild Wild West did not live up to its creators' blockbuster expectations, as had Men in Black two years earlier: more than a few viewers and critics felt it repeated things done already in Men in Black. It received many negative reviews despite being a commercial success.
/m/0187x8	Muse are an English rock band from Teignmouth, Devon, formed in 1994. The band consists of school friends Matthew Bellamy, Christopher Wolstenholme and Dominic Howard.\nSince the release of their 2006 album Black Holes and Revelations, keyboardist and percussionist Morgan Nicholls has performed live with the band. Muse are known for their energetic and extravagant live performances and their fusion of many music genres, including space rock, progressive rock, alternative rock, symphonic rock and electronica.\nMuse have released six studio albums: Showbiz, Origin of Symmetry, Absolution, Black Holes and Revelations, The Resistance and The 2nd Law. They have also issued four live albums, Hullabaloo Soundtrack, which is also a compilation of B-sides, Absolution Tour, which documents several of the band's performances such as Glastonbury Festival 2004, HAARP, which documents the band's performances at Wembley Stadium in 2007 and Live at Rome Olympic Stadium which was shot in 4k and taken from the band's successful Rome show during The 2nd Law World Tour.
/m/0584j4n	Frank R. McKelvy was an American set decorator. He was nominated for seven Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/015xp4	Etta James was an American singer-songwriter. Her style spanned a variety of music genres including blues, R&B, soul, rock and roll, jazz and gospel. Starting her career in 1954, she gained fame with hits such as \"The Wallflower\", \"At Last\", \"Tell Mama\", \"Something's Got a Hold on Me\", and \"I'd Rather Go Blind\" for which she wrote the lyrics. She faced a number of personal problems, including drug addiction, before making a musical resurgence in the late 1980s with the album Seven Year Itch.\nJames is regarded as having bridged the gap between rhythm and blues and rock and roll, and is the winner of six Grammys and 17 Blues Music Awards. She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993, the Blues Hall of Fame in 2001, and the Grammy Hall of Fame in both 1999 and 2008. Rolling Stone ranked James number 22 on their list of the 100 Greatest Singers of All Time and number 62 on the list of the 100 Greatest Artists.
/m/01hvjx	South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut is a 1999 American animated musical comedy film based on the animated television series South Park, and produced, co-written by and starring its creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone. The film was directed and co-scored by Parker and co-written by their South Park collaborator Pam Brady, and co-starred Mary Kay Bergman, and Isaac Hayes as Chef. It features twelve songs by Parker and Marc Shaiman with additional lyrics by Stone. It was produced by Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. in association with Comedy Central.\nThe film is largely concerned with the issues of censorship and freedom of speech. It parodies animated Disney films released during the Disney Renaissance, such as Beauty and the Beast and The Little Mermaid as well as musicals such as the West End's Les Misérables, and satirizes the controversy surrounding the show itself. In the film, the four boys from South Park see a controversial R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Phillip. The boys begin cursing incessantly and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada for corrupting their children. The movie also heavily satirizes the Motion Picture Association of America; Parker and Stone battled the MPAA throughout the production process and the movie received an R rating just two weeks prior to its release.
/m/0gj50	All My Children is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years, from January 5, 1970, to September 23, 2011, and on The Online Network from April 29, 2013, to September 2, 2013, via Hulu, Hulu Plus, and iTunes. Created by Agnes Nixon, All My Children is set in Pine Valley, Pennsylvania, a fictitious suburb of Philadelphia which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont. The original series featured Susan Lucci as Erica Kane, one of daytime's most popular characters. The title of the series refers to the bonds of humanity. All My Children was the first new network daytime drama to debut in the 1970s. Originally owned by Creative Horizons, Inc., the company created by Nixon and her husband, Bob, the show was sold to ABC in January 1975. The series started at a half-hour in per-installment length, then was expanded to a full hour on April 25, 1977. Earlier, the show had experimented with the full-hour format for one week starting on June 30, 1975, after which Ryan's Hope premiered.\nFrom 1970 to 1990, All My Children was recorded at ABC's TV18 at 101 West 67th St, now a 50-story apartment tower. From March 1990 to December 2009, it was taped at ABC's television studio TV23 at 320 West 66th Street in Manhattan, New York City, New York. In December 2009, the locale for taping the series moved from the costly New York City to California. The show was then produced in Stages 1 and 2 at the Andrita Studios in Los Angeles, California, and is now produced at the Connecticut Film Center in Stamford, Connecticut. All My Children started taping in high definition on January 4, 2010, and began airing in high definition on February 3, 2010. All My Children became the third soap opera to be produced and broadcast in high definition.
/m/088_9g	Frosinone Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Frosinone, Lazio. The club was founded in 1928 and refounded in 1991, following cancellation by the Italian Football Federation.\nCurrently it plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
/m/0239kh	The cowbell is an idiophone hand percussion instrument used in various styles of music including salsa and infrequently in popular music. It is named after the similar bell historically used by herdsmen to keep track of the whereabouts of cows.
/m/0bx0lc	Charlie Thomas Cox is an English actor best known for his starring role as Tristan Thorn in Stardust and more recently for his supporting role in the second and third seasons of HBO's Boardwalk Empire.
/m/02zfdp	Ian David McShane is an English actor, director, producer and voice artist.\nDespite appearing in numerous films, McShane is best known for his television roles, particularly BBC's Lovejoy and HBO's drama series Deadwood. McShane starred as King Silas Benjamin in the NBC series Kings, Bishop Waleran in The Pillars of the Earth, Tai Lung in Kung Fu Panda, and as Blackbeard in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. He also appears in 2013's Jack the Giant Slayer.
/m/053rxgm	The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham, and also written and directed by Sylvester Stallone, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Randy Couture, Terry Crews and Mickey Rourke. The film was released in the United States on August 13, 2010. It is the first installment in The Expendables film series. This was Dolph Lundgren's first theatrical release film since 1995's Johnny Mnemonic, and Steve Austin's last theatrical release film until 2013's Grown Ups 2.\nThe film is about a group of elite mercenaries tasked with a mission to overthrow a Latin American dictator whom they soon discover to be a mere puppet controlled by a ruthless ex-CIA officer James Munroe. It pays tribute to the blockbuster action films of the late 1980s and early 1990s. It was distributed by Lionsgate.\nThe Expendables received mixed reviews, praising the action scenes, but criticizing the lack of story. However, it was commercially successful, opening at number one at the box office in the United States, the United Kingdom, China and India. A sequel was released on August 17, 2012.
/m/0fdjb	The supernatural is that which is not subject to the laws of physics, or more figuratively, that which is said to exist above and beyond nature. In philosophy, popular culture and fiction, the supernatural is associated with the paranormal, religions and occultism. It has neoplatonic and medieval scholastic origins.
/m/05g8n	Ninja Tune is a British independent record label founded by DJs Matt Black and Jonathan More, better known as Coldcut and managed by Peter Quicke.\nThe label was one of the first record labels in Britain to consistently embrace and release artists that create and perform new forms of electronic dance music since the 1990s, notably hip hop and breakbeat. The label now releases music of various genres and distributes other record labels, including Big Dada, Brainfeeder - Flying Lotus' label, Werkdiscs - Actress' label, Motion Audio and Counter Records. The label is also one of the radio stations in the video game Sleeping Dogs.
/m/0l2vz	San Mateo County is a county located in the San Francisco Bay Area of the U.S. state of California. It covers most of the San Francisco Peninsula just south of San Francisco, and north of Santa Clara County. San Francisco International Airport is located at the northern end of the county, and Silicon Valley begins at the southern end. As of 2010 the population was 718,451. The county seat is Redwood City. It is ethnically diverse, and affluent. The county's built-up areas are mostly suburban with some areas being very urban, and are home to several corporate campuses.
/m/02md2d	St. Elsewhere was an American medical drama television series that originally ran on NBC from October 26, 1982, to May 25, 1988. The series starred Ed Flanders, Norman Lloyd and William Daniels as teaching doctors at a lightly regarded Boston hospital who gave interns a promising future in making critical medical and life decisions. The series was produced by MTM Enterprises, which had success with a similar NBC series, the police drama Hill Street Blues, during that same time; both series were often compared to each other for their use of ensemble casts and overlapping serialized storylines. St. Elsewhere was filmed at CBS/MTM Studios, which was known as CBS/Fox Studios when the show began; coincidentally, 20th Century Fox wound up acquiring the rights to the series when it bought MTM Enterprises in the 1990s.\nKnown for its combination of gritty, realistic drama and moments of black comedy, St. Elsewhere gained a small yet loyal following over its 6-season, 137-episode run; the series also found a strong audience in Nielsen's 18-49 age demographic, a young demo later known for a young, affluent audience that TV advertisers are eager to reach. The series also earned critical acclaim during its run, earning 13 Emmy Awards for its writing, acting, and directing. St. Elsewhere was ranked #20 on TV Guide's 2002 list of \"The 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.\", with the magazine also selecting it as the best drama series of the 1980s in a 1993 issue.
/m/06mzp	Switzerland, officially the Swiss Confederation, is a federal parliamentary republic consisting of 26 cantons, with Bern as the seat of the federal authorities. The country is situated in Western and Central Europe, where it is bordered by Germany to the north, France to the west, Italy to the south, and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east. Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps, the Swiss Plateau and the Jura, spanning an area of 41,285 km². While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory, the Swiss population of approximately 8 million people is concentrated mostly on the Plateau, where the largest cities are to be found. Among them are the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva, whose influence can be seen not only in Switzerland but all over the world.\nThe establishment of the Swiss Confederation is traditionally dated to 1 August 1291, which is celebrated annually as Swiss National Day. It has a long history of armed neutrality—it has not been in a state of war internationally since 1815—and did not join the United Nations until 2002. It pursues, however, an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world. Switzerland is also the birthplace of the Red Cross and home to a large number of international organizations, including the second largest UN office. On the European level, it is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association and is part of the Schengen Area – although it is notably not a member of the European Union, nor the European Economic Area. Switzerland comprises four main linguistic and cultural regions: German, French, Italian and the Romansh-speaking valleys. Therefore the Swiss, although predominantly German-speaking, do not form a nation in the sense of a common ethnic or linguistic identity; rather, the strong sense of identity and community is founded on a common historical background, shared values such as federalism and direct democracy, and Alpine symbolism.
/m/01l2b3	Bend It Like Beckham is a 2002 British-German comedy-drama film starring Parminder Nagra, Keira Knightley, Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, Anupam Kher, Shaznay Lewis, and Archie Panjabi, first released in the United Kingdom. The film was directed by Gurinder Chadha. Its title refers to the football player David Beckham and his skill at scoring from free kicks by bending the ball past a wall of defenders.
/m/018y81	Roger Taylor, is an English musician, singer and songwriter, best known as the drummer of the band Queen, but is also served as occasional songwriter and occasional lead vocalist. As a drummer, he is renowned for his unique sound and is considered one of the most influential rock drummers of the 1970s and '80s. As a songwriter, Taylor contributed songs to the band's albums from the very beginning, composing at least one track on every album, and usually singing lead vocals on his own compositions. He also wrote six of the band's hits, \"Radio Ga Ga\", \"A Kind of Magic\",\"Heaven For Everyone\", \"Breakthru\", \"The Invisible Man\", and \"These Are the Days of Our Lives\". as well as co-writing the UK number 1's 'Under Pressure' and 'Innuendo', a track for which he wrote the lyrics and guided the overall formulation. He is also commonly known to have been the main writer on the international Top Ten hit 'One Vision', although the track is credited to the whole band. He has collaborated with such artists as Eric Clapton, Roger Waters, Roger Daltrey, Robert Plant, Phil Collins, Genesis, Jimmy Nail, Elton John, Gary Numan, Shakin' Stevens, Foo Fighters, Al Stewart, Steve Vai, Yoshiki Hayashi, Cherie, and Bon Jovi. As a producer, he has produced albums by Virginia Wolf, Jimmy Nail and Magnum. He currently resides in Guildford, Surrey, but also has a home in Helford, Cornwall.
/m/0jsg0m	Peter Tork is an American musician and actor, best known as the keyboardist and bass guitarist of The Monkees.
/m/0k9p4	Anaheim is a city located in Orange County, part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area. In the 2010 United States Census, the city of Anaheim had a population of 336,265, making it the most populated city in Orange County, the 10th most-populated city in California, and ranked 54th in the United States. Anaheim is the second largest city in Orange County in terms of land area, and is known for its theme parks, sports teams and convention center.\nFounded by fifty German families in 1857 and incorporated as the second city in Los Angeles County on February 10, 1870, Anaheim developed into an industrial center, producing electronics, aircraft parts and canned fruit. It is the site of the Disneyland Resort, a world-famous grouping of theme parks and hotels which opened in 1955, Angel Stadium of Anaheim, Honda Center and Anaheim Convention Center, the largest convention center on the West Coast.\nAnaheim's city limits stretch from Cypress in the west to the Riverside County line in the east and encompass a diverse collection of neighborhoods and communities. Anaheim Hills is a master-planned community located in the city's eastern stretches that is home to many sports stars and executives. Downtown Anaheim has three mixed-use historic districts, the largest of which is the Anaheim Colony. The Anaheim Resort, a commercial district, includes Disneyland and numerous hotels and retail complexes. The Platinum Triangle, a neo-urban redevelopment district surrounding Angel Stadium, is planned to be populated with mixed-use streets and high-rises. Finally, The Canyon is an industrial district north of SR 91 and east of SR 57.
/m/0b_j2	William Martin \"Billy\" Joel is an American pianist, singer-songwriter, and composer. Since releasing his first hit song, \"Piano Man,\" in 1973, Joel has become the sixth best selling recording artist and the third-best-selling solo artist in the United States. His compilation album Greatest Hits Vol. 1 & 2 is the third-best-selling album in the United States by discs shipped.\nJoel had Top 40 hits in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, achieving 33 Top 40 hits in the United States, all of which he wrote himself. He is also a six-time Grammy Award winner who has been nominated for 23 Grammy Awards throughout his career. He has sold over 150 million records worldwide.\nJoel was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and the Long Island Music Hall of Fame. In 2001, Joel received the Johnny Mercer Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. In 2013, Joel received the Kennedy Center Honors, the nation's highest honor, for influencing American culture through the arts. With the exception of the 2007 songs \"All My Life\" and \"Christmas in Fallujah,\" Joel stopped writing and releasing pop/rock material after 1993's River of Dreams. However, he continues to tour, and he plays songs from all eras of his solo career in his concerts.
/m/05g49	The New York Jets are a professional American football team headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey, representing the New York metropolitan area. The team is a member of the Eastern Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. In a unique arrangement for the league, the Jets share MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey with the New York Giants. The franchise is legally and corporately registered as New York Jets, LLC.\nThe team was founded in 1959 as the Titans of New York, an original member of the American Football League; later, the franchise joined the NFL in the AFL–NFL merger. The team began to play in 1960 at the Polo Grounds. Under new ownership, the current name was adopted in 1963 and the franchise was relocated to Shea Stadium in 1964 and then to the Meadowlands Sports Complex in 1984. The Jets advanced to the playoffs for the first time in 1968 and went on to compete in Super Bowl III where they defeated the Baltimore Colts, becoming the first AFL team to defeat an NFL club in an AFL-NFL World Championship Game. Since 1968, the Jets have appeared in the playoffs thirteen times, and in the AFC Championship Game four times, most recently losing to the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2010. However, the Jets have never returned to the Super Bowl, making them one of three NFL teams to win their lone Super Bowl appearance, along with the New Orleans Saints and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
/m/03ryks	Yann Tiersen is a French musician. His musical career is split between studio albums, collaborations and film soundtracks. His music involves a large variety of instruments; primarily the guitar, synthesizer or violin together with instruments like the melodica, xylophone, toy piano, harpsichord, accordion and typewriter.\nTiersen is often mistaken for a composer of soundtracks, himself saying \"I'm not a composer and I really don't have a classical background\", but his real focus is on touring and studio albums which just happen to often be suitable for film. His most famous soundtrack for the film Amélie was primarily made up of tracks taken from his first four studio albums.
/m/0mb0	Anne Rice is an American author of gothic fiction, Christian literature, and erotica. She is perhaps best known for her popular and influential series of novels, The Vampire Chronicles, revolving around the central character of Lestat. Books from The Vampire Chronicles were the subject of two film adaptations, Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles in 1994, and Queen of the Damned in 2002.\nBorn in New Orleans, Rice spent much of her early life there before moving to Texas, and later to San Francisco. She was raised in an observant Roman Catholic family, but became an atheist as a young adult. She began her professional writing career with the publication of Interview with the Vampire in 1976, while living in California, and began writing sequels to the novel in the 1980s. In the mid-2000s, following a publicized return to Catholicism, Rice published the novels Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt and Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana, fictionalized accounts of certain incidents in the life of Jesus. Several years later she distanced herself from organized Christianity, citing disagreement with the Church's stances on social issues but pledging that faith in God remained \"central to [her] life.\" However, she now considers herself a secular humanist.
/m/03h_fk5	John R. \"Johnny\" Cash was an American singer-songwriter, actor, and author who was considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. Although he is primarily remembered as a country icon, his songs and sound spanned other genres including rock and roll and rockabilly—especially early in his career—and blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of induction in the Country Music Hall of Fame, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.\nCash was known for his deep, distinctive bass-baritone voice, for the \"boom-chicka-boom\" sound of his Tennessee Three backing band; for a rebelliousness, coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor; for providing free concerts inside prison walls; and for his dark performance clothing, which earned him the nickname \"The Man in Black\". He traditionally began his concerts with the phrase \"Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.\", followed by his standard \"Folsom Prison Blues\".\nMuch of Cash's music echoed themes of sorrow, moral tribulation and redemption, especially in the later stages of his career. His best-known songs included \"I Walk the Line\", \"Folsom Prison Blues\", \"Ring of Fire\", \"Get Rhythm\" and \"Man in Black\". He also recorded humorous numbers like \"One Piece at a Time\" and \"A Boy Named Sue\"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called \"Jackson\"; and railroad songs including \"Hey, Porter\" and \"Rock Island Line\". During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, most notably \"Hurt\" by Nine Inch Nails.
/m/03spz	Israel, officially the State of Israel, is a country in Western Asia, on the south-eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea. It shares land borders with Lebanon in the north, Syria in the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories comprising the West Bank and Gaza Strip on the east and southwest respectively, Egypt and the Gulf of Aqaba in the Red Sea to the south, and it contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area. In its Basic Laws Israel defines itself as a Jewish and Democratic State; it is the world's only Jewish-majority state.\nOn 29 November 1947, the United Nations General Assembly recommended the adoption and implementation of the partition plan of Mandatory Palestine. On 14 May 1948, David Ben-Gurion, the Executive Head of the World Zionist Organization and president of the Jewish Agency for Palestine, declared \"the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel,\" a state independent upon the termination of the British Mandate for Palestine, 15 May 1948. Neighboring Arab armies invaded Palestine on the next day and fought the Israeli forces. Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states, in the course of which it has occupied the West Bank, Sinai Peninsula, part of South Lebanon, Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. It annexed portions of these territories, including East Jerusalem, but the border with the West Bank is disputed. Israel has signed peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, but efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have so far not resulted in peace.
/m/040fb	June is the sixth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and one of the four months with a length of 30 days. June is the month with the longest daylight hours of the year in the Northern Hemisphere and the shortest daylight hours of the year in the Southern Hemisphere. Since June has the longest daylight hours in the northern hemisphere, it is the longest month of the year, even though it has 30 days. June in the Northern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent to December in the Southern Hemisphere and vice versa. June is the second hottest month of the year and the third rainiest month of the year. In the Northern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological summer is 1 June. In the Southern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological winter is 1 June.\nAt the start of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Taurus; at the end of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Gemini. However, due to the precession of the equinoxes, June begins with the sun in the astrological sign of Gemini, and ends with the sun in the astrological sign of Cancer.\nNo months start on the same day of the week of June in common or leap years. This month and May are the only two months to have this property. June ends on the same day of the week as March in all years. In all years, June starts on the same day of the week as February of the following year, in years immediately before common years, June starts on the same day of the week as March and November of the following year, in years immediately before leap years, June starts on the same day of the week as August of the following year. In years immediately before common years, June ends on the same day of the week as August and November of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, June ends on the same day of the week as May of the following year. In common years, June starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the previous year while in leap years, June starts on the same day of the week as April and July of the previous year. In common years, June finishes on the same day of the week as September of the previous year while in leap years, June finishes on the same day of the week as April and December of the previous year.
/m/07gql	A trumpet is a musical instrument. It is the highest register in the brass family. Trumpets are among the oldest musical instruments, dating back to at least 1500 BC. They are played by blowing air through closed lips, producing a \"buzzing\" sound that starts a standing wave vibration in the air column inside the instrument. Since the late 15th century they have primarily been constructed of brass tubing, usually bent twice into a rounded oblong shape.\nThere are several types of trumpet. The most common is a transposing instrument pitched in B♭ with a tubing length of about 148 cm. Earlier trumpets did not have valves, but modern instruments generally have either three piston valves or, more rarely, three rotary valves. Each valve increases the length of tubing when engaged, thereby lowering the pitch.\nA musician who plays the trumpet is called a trumpet player or trumpeter.
/m/0lsxr	Crime fiction is the literary genre that fictionalises crimes, their detection, criminals and their motives. It is usually distinguished from mainstream fiction and other genres such as science fiction or historical fiction, but boundaries can be, and indeed are, blurred. It has several sub-genres, including detective fiction, legal thriller, courtroom drama and hard-boiled fiction.\nIn Italy people commonly call a story about detectives or crimes \"giallo\", because books of crime fiction have usually had a yellow cover since the thirties.
/m/01q7q2	The University of Vermont and State Agricultural College, more commonly known as the University of Vermont or UVM, is a public research university and, after 1862, the U.S. state of Vermont's land-grant university.The University of Vermont is labeled one of the original \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nFounded in 1791, UVM is among the oldest universities in the United States and the fifth college established in New England after Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth and Brown.\nThe university's 451-acre campus is located in Burlington. Features of the UVM campus include the historic University Green, the Dudley H. Davis Center - the first student center in the nation to receive U.S. Green Building Council LEED Gold certification - the Fleming Museum of Art, and the Gutterson/Patrick athletic complex, home to UVM's Division I athletic teams. The largest hospital complex in Vermont, Fletcher Allen Health Care, has its primary facility adjacent to the UVM campus and is affiliated with the UVM College of Medicine.
/m/015npr	Aamir Khan appeared in the 2012 film Pad Yatra: A Green Odyssey.
/m/08yx9q	Eric Dane is an American actor. After appearing in television roles throughout the 1990s and 2000s, he became known for playing Dr. Mark \"McSteamy\" Sloan on the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, and has recently branched into film, co-starring in Marley & Me, Valentine's Day, and Burlesque.
/m/01f9mq	James Wesley Marsters is an American actor and musician. Marsters first came to the attention of the general public playing the popular character Spike, a platinum-blond yobbish English vampire in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off series, Angel, from 1997 to 2004. Since then, he has gone on to play other science fiction roles, such as the alien supervillain Brainiac on the Superman-inspired series Smallville, the omnisexual time traveller Captain John Hart in British science-fiction show Torchwood, and terrorist Barnabas Greeley in Syfy's Caprica. Marsters appeared in a supporting role in the 2007 movie P.S. I Love You. He appeared as a recurring character in the first season of the revival of Hawaii Five-0.
/m/01kf4tt	Diamonds Are Forever is the seventh spy film in the James Bond series by Eon Productions, and the sixth and final Eon film to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.\nThe film is based on Ian Fleming's 1956 novel of the same name, and is the second of four James Bond films directed by Guy Hamilton. The story has Bond impersonating a diamond smuggler to infiltrate a smuggling ring, and soon uncovering a plot by his old nemesis Ernst Stavro Blofeld to use the diamonds to build a giant laser. Bond has to battle his nemesis for one last time, in order to stop the smuggling and stall Blofeld's plan of destroying Washington DC, and extorting the world with nuclear supremacy.\nAfter George Lazenby left the franchise, producers Harry Saltzman and Albert R. Broccoli tested other actors, but studio United Artists wanted Sean Connery back, paying a then-record $1.25 million salary for him to return. The producers were inspired by Goldfinger, eventually hiring that film's director, Guy Hamilton. Locations included Las Vegas, California, Amsterdam and Lufthansa's hangar in Germany. Diamonds Are Forever was a commercial success, but received criticism for its humorous camp tone.
/m/05mph	Oklahoma is a state located in the South Central United States. Oklahoma is the 20th most extensive and the 28th most populous of the 50 United States. The state's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma, meaning \"red people\". It is also known informally by its nickname, The Sooner State, honoring the European settlers, and the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889, which opened the door for white settlement in America's Indian Territory. The name was settled upon statehood, Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged and Indian was dropped from the name. On November 16, 1907, Oklahoma became the 46th state to enter the union. Its residents are known as Oklahomans or, informally \"Okies\", and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City.\nA major producer of natural gas, oil, and agriculture, Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation, energy, telecommunications, and biotechnology. In 2007, it had one of the fastest growing economies in the nation, ranking among the top states in per capita income growth and gross domestic product growth. Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma's primary economic anchors, with nearly two thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas.
/m/0by17xn	Limitless is a 2011 American mystery thriller film directed by Neil Burger and starring Bradley Cooper, Abbie Cornish, and Robert De Niro. It is based on the 2001 novel The Dark Fields by Alan Glynn with the screenplay by Leslie Dixon.
/m/0d61px	The Man in the Iron Mask is a 1998 adventure film directed, produced, and written by Randall Wallace, and starring Leonardo DiCaprio in a dual role as the title character and villain, and Gabriel Byrne as d'Artagnan. It uses characters from Alexandre Dumas' D'Artagnan Romances and is very loosely adapted from some plot elements of The Vicomte de Bragelonne. The film centers on the aging four Musketeers; Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and D'Artagnan and the reign of King Louis XIV of France. It attempts to explain the mystery of the Man in the Iron Mask, using a plot more closely related to 1929 Fairbanks' version, The Iron Mask, and the 1939 version by James Whale than the original Dumas book.
/m/01x73	Connecticut is the southernmost state in the northeastern region of the United States known as New England. It is bordered by Rhode Island to the east, Massachusetts to the north, New York to the west, and Long Island Sound to the south. Its capital city is Hartford. The state is named after the Connecticut River, a major U.S. river that approximately bisects the state. The word is a French corruption of the Algonquian word quinetucket, which means \"long tidal river\".\nConnecticut is the 3rd least extensive, 29th most populous and 4th most densely populated of the 50 United States. Called the Constitution State, Nutmeg State, and \"The Land of Steady Habits\", it was influential in the development of the federal government of the United States. Much of southern and western Connecticut is part of the New York metropolitan area: three of Connecticut's eight counties are statistically included in the New York City combined statistical area, which is widely referred to as the Tri-State area. Connecticut's center of population is in Cheshire, New Haven County, which is also located within the Tri-State area.\nConnecticut's first European settlers were Dutch. They established a small, short-lived settlement in present-day Hartford at the confluence of the Park and Connecticut rivers, called Huys de Goede Hoop. Initially, half of Connecticut was a part of the Dutch colony, New Netherland, which included much of the land between the Connecticut and Delaware rivers. The first major settlements were established in the 1630s by England. Thomas Hooker led a band of followers overland from the Massachusetts Bay Colony and founded what would become the Connecticut Colony; other settlers from Massachusetts founded the Saybrook Colony and the New Haven Colony. The Connecticut and New Haven Colonies established documents of Fundamental Orders, considered the first constitutions in North America. In 1662, the three colonies were merged under a royal charter, making Connecticut a crown colony. This colony was one of the Thirteen Colonies that revolted against British rule in the American Revolution.
/m/0161c	Bahrain, officially the Kingdom of Bahrain is a small island country situated near the western shores of the Persian Gulf. It is an archipelago with Bahrain Island the largest land mass at 55 km long by 18 km wide. Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway while Iran lies 200 km to the north across the Persian Gulf. The peninsula of Qatar is to the southeast across the Gulf of Bahrain. The population in 2010 stood at 1,234,571, including 666,172 non-nationals.\nBahrain is believed to be the site of the ancient land of the Dilmun civilization and later came under the rule of successive Parthian and Sassanid Persian empires. The country was one of the earliest areas to convert to Islam in 628 AD. Following a period of Arab rule, Bahrain was occupied by the Portuguese in 1521, who in turn were expelled in 1602 by Shah Abbas I of the Safavid empire. In 1783, the Bani Utbah tribe captured Bahrain from the Qajars and has since been ruled by the Al Khalifa royal family, with Ahmed al Fateh the first hakim of Bahrain. In the late 1800s, following successive treaties with the British, Bahrain became a protectorate of the United Kingdom. Following the withdrawal of the British from the region in the late 1960s, Bahrain declared independence in 1971. Formerly a state, Bahrain was declared a \"Kingdom\" in 2002. Since early 2011, the country has experienced sustained protests and unrest inspired by the regional Arab Spring, particularly by the majority Shia population. Oil was discovered in Bahrain in 1932, the first such find on the Arabian side of the Gulf.
/m/093dqjy	Winter's Bone is a 2010 American independent drama film, an adaptation of Daniel Woodrell's 2006 novel of the same name. Written and directed by Debra Granik, the film stars Jennifer Lawrence as a teenaged girl in the rural Ozarks of the central United States who, to protect her family from eviction, must locate her missing father. The film explores the interrelated themes of close and distant family ties, the power and speed of gossip, self-sufficiency, and poverty as they are changed by the pervasive underworld of illegal methamphetamine labs.\nWinter's Bone won several awards including the Grand Jury Prize: Dramatic Film at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. It also received four 2011 Academy Award nominations: Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0d05w3	China, officially the People's Republic of China, is a sovereign state located in East Asia. It is the world's most populous country, with a population of over 1.35 billion. The PRC is a single-party state governed by the Communist Party, with its seat of government in the capital city of Beijing. It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct-controlled municipalities, and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions. The PRC also claims Taiwan – which is controlled by the Republic of China, a separate political entity – as its 23rd province, a claim which is controversial due to the complex political status of Taiwan.\nCovering approximately 9.6 million square kilometers, China is the world's second-largest country by land area, and either the third or fourth-largest by total area, depending on the method of measurement. China's landscape is vast and diverse, ranging from forest steppes and the Gobi and Taklamakan deserts in the arid north to subtropical forests in the wetter south. The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from South and Central Asia. The Yangtze and Yellow Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard. China's coastline along the Pacific Ocean is 14,500 kilometres long, and is bounded by the Bohai, Yellow, East and South China Seas.
/m/05c74	Nicaragua, officially the Republic of Nicaragua, is the largest country in the Central American isthmus, bordering Honduras to the north and Costa Rica to the south. The country is situated between 11 and 14 degrees north of the Equator in the Northern Hemisphere, which places it entirely within the tropics. The Pacific Ocean lies to the west, and the Caribbean Sea to the east. The country's physical geography divides it into three major zones: Pacific lowlands; wet, cooler central highlands; and the Caribbean lowlands. On the Pacific side of the country are the two largest fresh water lakes in Central America—Lake Managua and Lake Nicaragua. Surrounding these lakes and extending to their northwest along the rift valley of the Gulf of Fonseca are fertile lowland plains, with soil highly enriched by ash from nearby volcanoes of the central highlands. Nicaragua's abundance of biologically significant and unique ecosystems contribute to Mesoamerica's designation as a biodiversity hotspot.\nThe Spanish Empire conquered the region in the 16th century. Nicaragua achieved its independence from Spain in 1821. Since its independence, Nicaragua has undergone periods of political unrest, dictatorship, and fiscal crisis—the most notable causes that led to the Nicaraguan Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s. Nicaragua is a representative democratic republic, and has experienced economic growth and political stability in recent years. Since 2007, Daniel Ortega has been the President.
/m/014kq6	Die Another Day is the twentieth spy film in the James Bond series, and the fourth and last film to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film follows Bond as he leads a mission to North Korea, during which he is betrayed and, after seemingly killing a rogue North Korean colonel, is captured and imprisoned. More than a year later Bond is released as part of a prisoner exchange. Surmising that someone within the British government betrayed him, he attempts to earn redemption by tracking down his betrayer and killing a North Korean agent he believes was involved in his torture.\nDie Another Day, produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli, and directed by Lee Tamahori, marks the James Bond franchise's 40th anniversary. The series began in 1962 with Sean Connery starring as Bond in Dr. No. Die Another Day includes references to each of the preceding films.\nThe film received mixed reviews. Some critics praised the work of Lee Tamahori, while others criticised the film's heavy use of computer-generated imagery, which they felt had a negative effect on the film's plot. Nevertheless, Die Another Day was the highest-grossing James Bond film up to that time if inflation is not taken into account.
/m/0f94t	Harlem is a large neighborhood within the northern section of the New York City borough of Manhattan. Since the 1920s, Harlem has been known as a major African-American residential, cultural and business center. Originally a Dutch village, formally organized in 1658, it is named after the city of Haarlem in the Netherlands. Harlem's history has been defined by a series of economic boom-and-bust cycles, with significant population shifts accompanying each cycle.\nBlack residents began to arrive en masse in 1905, with numbers fed by the Great Migration. In the 1920s and 1930s, Central and West Harlem were the focus of the \"Harlem Renaissance\", an outpouring of artistic work without precedent in the American black community. However, with job losses in the time of the Great Depression and the deindustrialization of New York City after World War II, rates of crime and poverty increased significantly.\nSince New York City's revival in the late 20th century, Harlem has been experiencing social and economic gentrification. However, Harlem still suffers from many social problems. Large portions of the population receive a form of income support from the government—with West, Central, and East Harlem respectively at 34.9%, 43.3%, and 46.5% of the population.
/m/0k9ts	Delta Air Lines, Inc., operating as Delta Air Lines, is a major American airline, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. The airline operates an extensive domestic and international network serving six continents. Delta Air Lines and its subsidiaries operate over 5,000 flights every day and have approximately 80,000 employees. The airline's hub at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the world's busiest airport by passenger traffic and number of landings and takeoffs; it is also home to Delta's Technical Operations Center. Delta is the sixth-oldest operating airline by foundation date, and the oldest airline still operating in the United States. Delta Air Lines is one of the four founding members of the SkyTeam airline alliance, the other three being Korean Air, Air France, and Aeroméxico. The loyalty program for Delta Air Lines is SkyMiles. Delta Air Lines was the world's largest airline in terms of fleet size in 2011 and scheduled passenger traffic in 2012, and the second-largest in terms of revenue passenger-kilometers flown in 2012. Regional service for the airline is served by Delta Connection.
/m/06c1y	Romania, formerly also spelled Roumania and Rumania, is a country located between Central Europe and Southeastern Europe, bordering the Black Sea. Romania shares a border with Hungary and Serbia to the west, Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast and east, and Bulgaria to the south. At 238,391 square kilometres, Romania is the eighth largest country of the European Union by area, and has the seventh largest population of the European Union with 20,121,641 people. Its capital and largest city is Bucharest – the sixth largest city in the EU.\nThe United Principalities emerged when the territories of Moldavia and Wallachia were united under Prince Alexander Ioan Cuza in 1859. In 1866 Prince Karl of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was called to the throne as the Ruling Prince of the Romanian Principate and in 1881 he was finally crowned as King Carol I, the first monarch of the Kingdom of Romania. Independence from the Ottoman Empire was declared on 9 May 1877, and was internationally recognised the following year. At the end of World War I, Transylvania, Bukovina and Bessarabia united with the Kingdom of Romania.
/m/0gg5qcw	The Ides of March is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney, along with Grant Heslov and Beau Willimon. The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play Farragut North. It stars Ryan Gosling, George Clooney, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Paul Giamatti, Evan Rachel Wood, Marisa Tomei, and Jeffrey Wright.\nThe Ides of March was featured as the opening film at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and at the 27th Haifa International Film Festival and was shown at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. It received a wide theatrical release on October 7, 2011.
/m/03h4fq7	Dinner For Schmucks is a 2010 comedy film written by Andy Borowitz, Ken Daurio, David Guion, Michael Handelman, Cinco Paul, Francis Veber, Jon Vitti and directed by Jay Roach.
/m/02qyntr	The BAFTA Award for Best Editing is one of several annual awards presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. The film-voting members of the Academy select the five nominated films in each category; only the principal editor for each film are named, which excludes additional editors, supervising editors, etc. The actual winner of the Best Editing award is selected by \"Chapter Voting\"; only Academy members who are identified as members of the Editing Chapter vote on the winner. The BAFTA procedure is essentially the reverse of that of the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, in which members of the Editing Branch of the Academy select the nominees, but all members of the Academy vote to select the winner; see the article Academy Award for Film Editing.
/m/0dfjb8	Nasser is an Indian actor, producer, writer, director, lyricist, and singer, who hails from Chengalpattu, a suburb of Chennai. He appears predominantly in Tamil cinema. He is often cited as part of India's specialist character actors, along with the likes of Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri and Nana Patekar. He is proficient in Urdu, English, Hindi, Arabic, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam. Nassar is married to Kameela and they have three sons. He is the founder of 'Adavu', Centre for Tamil Arts which trains people in various subjects including folk arts, story telling, research and docu-film making.
/m/02qpt1w	Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a 2008 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The plot centers on two American women, Vicky and Cristina, who spend a summer in Barcelona where they meet an artist, Juan Antonio, who is attracted to both of them while still enamored with his mentally and emotionally unstable ex-wife María Elena. The film was shot in Spain in Barcelona, Avilés and Oviedo, and was Allen's fourth consecutive film shot outside of the United States.\nThe film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, then received a rolling worldwide general release that started on August 15, 2008, in the U.S., and continued in various countries until its June 2009 release in Japan. The film was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, including nominations for Bardem, Hall and Cruz in the Actor, Actress and Supporting Actress categories, and won the award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy. Cruz won both the Academy Award and BAFTA Award for Actress in a Supporting Role. Altogether, the film won 25 out of 56 nominations.
/m/0ll3	August is the eighth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and one of seven months with a length of 31 days.\nIn the Southern Hemisphere, August is the seasonal equivalent of February in the Northern Hemisphere.\nIn common years no other month starts on the same day of the week as August, though in leap years February starts on the same day. August ends on the same day of the week as November every year. March and November of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as August of the current year as a common year and June of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as August of the current year as a leap year. In years immediately before common years, August starts and ends on the same day of the week as May of the following year while in years immediately before leap years, August starts on the same day of as October of the following year and ends on the same day of the week as February and October of the following year.\nThis month was originally named Sextilis in Latin, because it was the sixth month in the original ten-month Roman calendar under Romulus in 753 BC, when March was the first month of the year. About 700 BC it became the eighth month when January and February were added to the year before March by King Numa Pompilius, who also gave it 29 days. Julius Caesar added two days when he created the Julian calendar in 45 BC giving it its modern length of 31 days. In 8 BC it was renamed in honor of Augustus. According to a Senatus consultum quoted by Macrobius, he chose this month because it was the time of several of his great triumphs, including the conquest of Egypt.
/m/01v8y9	The acoustic bass guitar is a bass instrument with a hollow wooden body similar to, though usually somewhat larger than a steel-string acoustic guitar. Like the traditional electric bass guitar and the double bass, the acoustic bass guitar commonly has four strings, which are normally tuned E-A-D-G, an octave below the lowest four strings of the 6-string guitar, which is the same tuning pitch as an electric bass guitar.\nBecause it can sometimes be difficult to hear an acoustic bass guitar without an amplifier, even in settings with other acoustic instruments, most acoustic basses have pickups, either magnetic or piezoelectric or both, so that they can be amplified with a bass amp.\nTraditional music of Mexico features several varieties of acoustic bass guitars, such as the guitarrón, a very large, deep-bodied Mexican 6-string acoustic bass guitar played in Mariachi bands, the león, plucked with a pick, and the bajo sexto, with six pairs of strings.
/m/0kpys	Los Angeles County, also known as L.A. County, officially the County of Los Angeles, is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the county has a population of 9,818,605, making it the most populous county in the United States. Los Angeles County alone is more populous than 42 individual U.S. states. The county seat is the city of Los Angeles, the largest city in California and the second-largest city in the United States.\nLos Angeles County also includes two offshore islands, San Clemente Island and Santa Catalina Island. The county is home to 88 incorporated cities and many unincorporated areas. At 4,083 square miles, it is larger than the combined areas of the states of Rhode Island and Delaware.\nThe county is home to over a quarter of all California residents and is one of the most ethnically diverse counties in the country. It is part of the Tech Coast.
/m/01gy7r	William James \"Bill\" Pullman is an American actor. Pullman made his film debut in the supporting role of Earl Mott in the 1986 film Ruthless People. He has since gone on to star in other films, such as Spaceballs, Independence Day, While You Were Sleeping, Casper and Lost Highway. He has starred in a number of plays and is also a Jury Member for Filmaka.
/m/0kq2g	El Dorado County, officially the County of El Dorado, is a county located in the historic Gold Country in the Sierra Nevada Mountains and foothills of the U.S. state of California. The 2010 population was 181,058. The El Dorado county seat is in Placerville.\nThe population of El Dorado County has grown as the Greater Sacramento has expanded into the region. In the unique Lake Tahoe area of the county, environmental awareness and environmental protection initiatives have grown along with the population since the 1960 Winter Olympics, hosted at Squaw Valley Ski Resort in neighboring Placer County.
/m/01j5ql	Courage Under Fire is a 1996 film directed by Edward Zwick, and starring Denzel Washington, Meg Ryan, Lou Diamond Phillips and Matt Damon.
/m/02z0dfh	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actress is one of the annual awards given by the National Society of Film Critics.\nThis awards was given for the first time in 1967 to Marjorie Rhodes for her role in The Family Way.\nMeryl Streep won this award three times: in 1978 for The Deer Hunter, in 1979 for Kramer vs. Kramer, for Manhattan and for The Seduction of Joe Tynan and in 2006 for The Devil Wears Prada and for A Prairie Home Companion. Anjelica Huston, Dianne Wiest and Patricia Clarkson each won the award two times. in 2009 Mo'Nique became the first African-American to win in this category for her performance in Precious.
/m/0dq9p	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung—affecting primarily the microscopic air sacs known as alveoli. It is usually caused by infection with viruses or bacteria and less commonly other microorganisms, certain drugs and other conditions such as autoimmune diseases.\nTypical symptoms include a cough, chest pain, fever, and difficulty breathing. Diagnostic tools include x-rays and culture of the sputum. Vaccines to prevent certain types of pneumonia are available. Treatment depends on the underlying cause. Pneumonia presumed to be bacterial is treated with antibiotics. If the pneumonia is severe, the affected person is, in general, admitted to hospital.\nPneumonia affects approximately 450 million people globally per year, seven percent of population, and results in about 4 million deaths, mostly in third-world countries. Although pneumonia was regarded by William Osler in the 19th century as \"the captain of the men of death\", the advent of antibiotic therapy and vaccines in the 20th century has seen improvements in survival. Nevertheless, in developing countries, and among the very old, the very young, and the chronically ill, pneumonia remains a leading cause of death.
/m/0_lk5	Florence is a city located in Florence County, South Carolina, United States. The city is the county seat of the Florence County and the hub of the Metropolitan Statistical Area. The area forms the core of the historical \"Pee Dee\" region of South Carolina, which includes the eight counties of northeastern South Carolina, along with sections of southeastern North Carolina. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's population at 37,326, representing an increase of .7 percent.\nIn 1965, Florence was named an All-American City, presented by the National Civic League. The city was founded as a railroad hub and became the junction of three major railroad systems, including the Wilmington and Manchester, the Northeastern, and the Cheraw and Darlington. As of 2013, the city retains its status as a major hub, both for industry and infrastructure, while establishing itself as a regional center for business, medicine, culture and finance.
/m/0kctd	Showtime is an American premium cable and satellite television network that serves as the flagship service of the Showtime Networks subsidiary of CBS Corporation, which also owns sister services The Movie Channel and Flix. Showtime's programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series, along with boxing and mixed martial arts matches, occasional stand-up comedy specials and made-for-TV movies.\nThe Showtime brand is used by a number of channels and platforms around the world, but primarily refers to the group of eight multiplex channels in the United States. As of August 2013, Showtime's programming is available to approximately 28,094,000 television households in the United States. The channel and its respective networks are headquartered at Paramount Plaza on the northern end of New York City's Broadway district.
/m/037s9x	Washington & Jefferson College, also known as W & J College or W&J, is a private liberal arts college in Washington, Pennsylvania, in the United States, which is 30 miles south of Pittsburgh. The college traces its origin to three log cabin colleges in Washington County established by three Presbyterian missionaries to the American frontier in the 1780s: John McMillan, Thaddeus Dod, and Joseph Smith. These early schools eventually grew into two competing academies and colleges, with Canonsburg Academy, later Jefferson College, located in Canonsburg and Washington Academy, later Washington College, in Washington. These two colleges merged in 1865 to form Washington & Jefferson College. The 60-acre campus, located in Washington, Pennsylvania, has more than 40 buildings, with the oldest dating to 1793. While the college has historically had a difficult relationship with the city of Washington, including clashes over college expansion and finances, recent efforts have been made to improve those relations.\nThe college's academic emphasis is on the liberal arts and the sciences, with a focus on preparing students for graduate and professional schools. Campus activities include various religious, political, and general interest clubs, as well as academic and professional-themed organizations. The college has a strong history of competing literary societies, dating back before the union of Jefferson and Washington Colleges. Students operate a college radio station, a campus newspaper, and a literary journal. The athletic program competes in NCAA Division III. The football team has been particularly successful over its history, even competing in the 1922 Rose Bowl. A large majority of students participate in intramural athletics. Nearly all students live on campus and roughly one third are members of fraternities or sororities. A number of noteworthy alumni have attended the college or its predecessor institutions, including James G. Blaine, William Holmes McGuffey, and Pete Henry.
/m/02773nt	Robert Morgan Carlock is an American television producer and screenwriter who has worked as a writer for several NBC television comedies, and as a show runner for 30 Rock.
/m/01xv77	Daryl Christine Hannah is an American film actress. She is best known for her performances in the films Blade Runner, Splash, Roxanne, Wall Street, Steel Magnolias, and Kill Bill. She is also an environmental campaigner, who has been arrested for protests against developments that are believed by some groups to threaten sustainability.
/m/02rh_0	Sport Lisboa e Benfica, commonly known as Benfica or SLB, is a Portuguese multi-sport club based in Lisbon, Portugal. The club is mostly known for its professional football team.\nFounded on 28 February 1904, Benfica is one of the \"Três Grandes\" football clubs in Portugal. Benfica is the most widely supported football club and the twenty-sixth richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of €109.2 million. The motto of the club is \"E pluribus unum\" and the official anthem is \"Ser Benfiquista\". Benfica team is referred to as \"Águias\" or \"Encarnados\", while the supporters are called \"Benfiquistas\".\nDomestically, Benfica has won a record of 32 Primeira Liga titles, a record of 24 Taça de Portugal, a record of 9 Doubles, a record of 4 Taça da Liga, 3 Campeonato de Portugal and 4 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira. Benfica was the first club in the history of the Primeira Liga to have completed an entire 30 game season unbeaten, in 1972–73—achieving the largest difference ever between champions and runners-up in a 2 points per win system—and was also the first to do it twice, in 1977–78. Benfica holds the Portuguese record of 56 games without a defeat in domestic league, between 1976–77 and 1978–79. Benfica is the most successful club in Portuguese competitions with 67 titles, having 69 titles overall, and it is the only club to have won all the domestic competitions.
/m/08052t3	Knight and Day, is a 2010 action comedy film starring Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz. The film, directed by James Mangold, is Cruise and Diaz's second on-screen collaboration following the 2001 film Vanilla Sky. Diaz plays June Havens, a classic car restorer who unwittingly gets caught up with the eccentric secret agent Roy Miller, played by Cruise, who is on the run from the Secret Service.\nThe film's investors offset funding costs by paying Cruise a lower advance fee and providing him a share of revenue only after the financiers were repaid their investment in the production. Filming took place in several locations, mainly in several cities located in Massachusetts, while other scenes were filmed in Spain and parts of Austria.\nKnight and Day was released in the United States on June 24, 2010. The film has received mixed reviews from film critics and was a success at the box office, grossing over $260 million worldwide.
/m/023t0q	Abbas Kiarostami is an Iranian film director, screenwriter, photographer and film producer. An active filmmaker since 1970, Kiarostami has been involved in over forty films, including shorts and documentaries. Kiarostami attained critical acclaim for directing the Koker Trilogy, Close-Up, Taste of Cherry, and The Wind Will Carry Us. In his recent films, Certified Copy and Like Someone in Love, he filmed for the first time outside Iran, in Italy and Japan, respectively.\nKiarostami has worked extensively as a screenwriter, film editor, art director and producer and has designed credit titles and publicity material. He is also a poet, photographer, painter, illustrator, and graphic designer. He is part of a generation of filmmakers in the Iranian New Wave, a Persian cinema movement that started in the late 1960s and includes pioneering directors such as Forough Farrokhzad, Sohrab Shahid Saless, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Bahram Beizai, and Parviz Kimiavi. These filmmakers share many common techniques including the use of poetic dialogue and allegorical storytelling dealing with political and philosophical issues.
/m/06182p	The American Academy of Dramatic Arts is a two-year performing arts conservatory with facilities located in Manhattan, New York City – at 120 Madison Avenue, and in Hollywood, California – at 1336 North La Brea Avenue.
/m/02rhfsc	Alex Graves is an American film director, television director, television producer and screenwriter.
/m/01b7h8	American Idol is an American reality-singing competition series created by Simon Fuller and produced by 19 Entertainment, and distributed by FremantleMedia North America. It began airing on Fox on June 11, 2002, as an addition to the Idols format based on the British series Pop Idol and has since become one of the most successful shows in the history of American television. For an unprecedented eight consecutive years, from the 2003–04 television season through the 2010–11 season, either its performance or result show had been ranked number one in U.S. television ratings.\nThe concept of the series is to find new solo recording artists where the winner is determined by the viewers in America. Winners chosen by viewers through telephone, Internet, and SMS text voting were Kelly Clarkson, Ruben Studdard, Fantasia Barrino, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks, David Cook, Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze, Scotty McCreery, Phillip Phillips and Candice Glover.\nAmerican Idol employs a panel of judges who critique the contestants' performances. The original judges were record producer and music manager Randy Jackson, pop singer and choreographer Paula Abdul and music executive and manager Simon Cowell. The judging panel for the upcoming season consists of country singer Keith Urban, singer and actress Jennifer Lopez, and jazz singer Harry Connick, Jr.. The show was originally hosted by radio personality Ryan Seacrest and comedian Brian Dunkleman, with Seacrest continuing on for the rest of the seasons.
/m/082brv	Mike Mogis is a Nebraskan producer/engineer and multi-instrumentalist who, along with his brother A.J. Mogis, founded Presto! Recording Studios.\nMike has engineered, produced, and performed in many of the releases on the Saddle Creek label, including records by Bright Eyes, The Faint, Rilo Kiley, Cursive, The Good Life, Lullaby for the Working Class, Jenny Lewis, Tilly and the Wall and Elizabeth & The Catapult. He is also producing an album for Rachael Yamagata.\nHe has become a permanent member of Bright Eyes and was also a member of both Lullaby for the Working Class and We'd Rather Be Flying, generally playing guitar, although he also plays mandolin, banjo, pedal steel, glockenspiel, and hammered dulcimer among other instruments. He recently worked with Lightspeed Champion, aka Devonte Hynes, former member of Test Icicles, on his debut album Falling Off the Lavender Bridge. He is currently a member of the supergroup Monsters of Folk.\nHe has two young daughters, Stella and Riley. Stella appears on the Bright Eyes album Digital Ash in a Digital Urn, with his wife Jessica.
/m/0gnkb	Anthony Adverse is a 1936 American epic costume drama film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Fredric March and Olivia de Havilland. Based on the novel Anthony Adverse by Hervey Allen, with a screenplay by Sheridan Gibney, the film is about an orphan whose debt to the man who raised him threatens to separate him forever from the woman he loves. The film received four Academy Awards.\nAmong the four Academy Awards that Anthony Adverse won, Gale Sondergaard was awarded the inaugural Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role as Faith Paleologus.
/m/0f2sq	Galveston is a coastal city located on Galveston Island and Pelican Island in the U.S. state of Texas. The community of 208.3 square miles, with its population of 47,762 people, is the county seat and second-largest municipality of Galveston County. It is located within Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.\nNamed after Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid, Count of Gálvez, Galveston's first European settlements on the island were constructed around 1816 by French pirate Louis-Michel Aury to help the fledgling Republic of Mexico fight Spain. The Port of Galveston was established in 1825 by the Congress of Mexico following its successful independence from Spain. The city served as the main port for the Texas Navy during the Texas Revolution, and later served as the capital of the Republic of Texas.\nDuring the 19th century, Galveston became a major U.S. commercial center and one of the largest ports in the United States. It was devastated by the 1900 Galveston Hurricane, whose effects included flooding and a storm surge. The natural disaster on the exposed barrier island is still ranked as the deadliest in United States history, with an estimated toll of 6,000-8,000 people.²
/m/01c4_6	The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album is an award presented to recording artists for quality albums in the alternative rock genre at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nWhile the definition of \"alternative\" has been debated, the award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums \"heavily played on college radio stations\". According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to \"vocal or instrumental alternative music albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded music\", defining \"alternative\" as a \"non-traditional\" genre that exists \"outside of the mainstream music consciousness\". In 1991, and from 1994 to 1999, the award was known as Best Alternative Music Performance. Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
/m/04gzd	Lithuania officially the Republic of Lithuania is a country in Northern Europe, the largest of the three Baltic states. It is situated along the southeastern shore of the Baltic Sea, to the east of Sweden and Denmark. It borders Latvia to the north, Belarus to the east and south, Poland to the south, and Kaliningrad Oblast to the southwest. Lithuania has an estimated population of 3 million as of 2013, and its capital and largest city is Vilnius. The Lithuanians are a Baltic people, and the official language, Lithuanian, is one of only two living languages in the Baltic branch of the Indo-European language family.\nFor centuries, the southeastern shore of the Baltic Sea was inhabited by various Baltic tribes. In the 1230s the Lithuanian lands were united by Mindaugas, the King of Lithuania, and the first unified Lithuanian state, the Kingdom of Lithuania, was created on 6 July 1253. During the 14th century, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania was the largest country in Europe: present-day Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, and parts of Poland and Russia were the territories of the Grand Duchy. With the Lublin Union of 1569, Lithuania and Poland formed a voluntary two-state union, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. The Commonwealth lasted more than two centuries, until neighboring countries systematically dismantled it from 1772 to 1795, with the Russian Empire annexing most of Lithuania's territory.
/m/01vrnsk	Ringo Starr MBE is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles. On most of the band's albums, he sang lead vocals for one song, including \"With a Little Help from My Friends\", \"Yellow Submarine\" and their cover of \"Act Naturally\". He also wrote the Beatles' songs \"Don't Pass Me By\" and \"Octopus's Garden\", and is credited as a co-writer of others, such as \"What Goes On\" and \"Flying\".\nStarr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during his childhood, and as a result of prolonged hospitalisations, fell behind scholastically. In 1955, he entered the workforce and briefly held a position with British Rail before securing an apprenticeship at a Liverpool equipment manufacturer. Soon afterwards, he became interested in the UK skiffle craze, developing a fervent admiration for the genre. In 1957, he cofounded his first band, the Eddie Clayton Skiffle Group, and they earned several prestigious local bookings before the fad succumbed to American rock and roll by early 1958.\nWhen the Beatles formed in 1960, Starr was a member of another Liverpool group, Rory Storm and the Hurricanes. After achieving moderate success with them in the UK and Hamburg, he quit the Hurricanes and joined the Beatles in August 1962, replacing Pete Best. Starr played key roles in the Beatles' films and appeared in numerous others. After their break-up in 1970, he released several successful singles including the US number four hit \"It Don't Come Easy\", and the US number ones \"Photograph\" and \"You're Sixteen\". In 1972, he released his most successful UK single, \"Back Off Boogaloo\", which peaked at number two. He achieved commercial and critical success with his 1973 album Ringo, which was a top ten release in both the UK and the US. Although he continued to record and remained a familiar celebrity presence, by 1975 his solo career had diminished in importance. He has been featured in a number of documentaries, hosted television shows, narrated the first two seasons of the children's television series Thomas & Friends and portrayed \"Mr Conductor\" during the first season of the PBS children's television series Shining Time Station. Since 1989, he has successfully toured with twelve variations of Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band.
/m/01pcz9	Portia Lee James DeGeneres, known professionally as Portia de Rossi, is an Australian-American actress, model and philanthropist, known for her roles as lawyer Nelle Porter on the television series Ally McBeal and Lindsay Fünke on the sitcom Arrested Development. She also portrayed Veronica Palmer on the ABC sitcom Better Off Ted and Olivia Lord on Nip/Tuck. She is married to American stand-up comedian, television host and actress Ellen DeGeneres.
/m/017lb_	Blondie is an American rock band founded by singer Deborah Harry and guitarist Chris Stein. The band was a pioneer in the early American new wave and punk scenes of the mid-1970s. Its first two albums contained strong elements of these genres, and although successful in the United Kingdom and Australia, Blondie was regarded as an underground band in the United States until the release of Parallel Lines in 1978. Over the next three years, the band achieved several hit singles including \"Call Me\", \"Atomic\" and \"Heart of Glass\" and became noted for its eclectic mix of musical styles incorporating elements of disco, pop, rap, and reggae, while retaining a basic style as a new wave band.\nBlondie broke up after the release of its sixth studio album The Hunter in 1982. Deborah Harry continued to pursue a solo career with varied results after taking a few years off to care for partner Chris Stein, who was diagnosed with pemphigus, a rare autoimmune disease of the skin.\nThe band re-formed in 1997, achieving renewed success and a number one single in the United Kingdom with \"Maria\" in 1999, exactly 20 years after their 1st UK No1 single.\nThe group toured and performed throughout the world during the following years, and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. Blondie has sold 40 million records worldwide and is still active today. Its ninth studio album, Panic of Girls, was released in 2011, with their tenth, Ghosts of Download, to be released in 2014.
/m/05650n	Happy Feet is a 2006 Australian-American computer-animated musical family film, directed, produced and co-written by George Miller. It was produced at Sydney-based visual effects and animation studio Animal Logic for Warner Bros., Village Roadshow Pictures and Kingdom Feature Productions and was released in North American theaters on November 17, 2006. It is the first animated film produced by Kennedy Miller in association with visual effects/design company Animal Logic.\nThough primarily an animated film, Happy Feet does incorporate motion capture of live action humans in certain scenes. The film was simultaneously released in both conventional theatres and in IMAX 2D format. The studio had hinted that a future IMAX 3D release was a possibility. However, Warner Bros., the film’s production company, was on too tight a budget to release Happy Feet in IMAX digital 3D.\nHappy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film, and was nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature and the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film.\nThe film was dedicated in memory of Nick Enright, Michael Jonson, Robby McNeilly Green, and Steve Irwin.\nA sequel, Happy Feet Two, was released into theatres November 18, 2011 and received mixed reviews.
/m/03xkps	Lloyd Vernet \"Beau\" Bridges III is an American actor and director. He is a three-time Emmy-, two-time Golden Globe- and one-time Grammy Award winner. He is also a two-time Screen Actors Guild Award nominee.\nBridges was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on April 7, 2003.
/m/0kvqv	Terrence Frederick Malick is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. In a career spanning over four decades he has directed six feature films. He made his directorial debut with the drama Badlands in 1973. Malick released his second film, Days of Heaven, in 1978, after which he took a long hiatus from directing films. His third film, the World War II drama The Thin Red Line, was released in 1998.\nMalick has received consistent praise for his work and has been regarded as one of the greatest living filmmakers. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for The Thin Red Line and The Tree of Life, and the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for The Thin Red Line, as well as winning the Golden Bear at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival for The Thin Red Line, the Palme d'Or at the 64th Cannes Film Festival for The Tree of Life, and the SIGNIS Award at the 69th Venice International Film Festival for To the Wonder.
/m/01713c	Javier Ángel Encinas Bardem is a Spanish actor. In 2007, he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as psychopathic assassin Anton Chigurh in No Country for Old Men. He has also garnered critical acclaim for roles in films such as Jamón, jamón, Carne trémula, Boca a boca, Los Lunes al sol and Mar adentro. He portrayed the main antagonist Raoul Silva in the 2012 James Bond movie Skyfall, for which he received both a BAFTA and a SAG nomination for Best Supporting Actor.\nBardem has also won a Golden Globe, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BAFTA, five Goya Awards, two European Film Awards, a Prize for Best Actor at Cannes and two Coppa Volpis at Venice for his work. He is the first Spaniard to be nominated for an Oscar, as well as the first Spanish actor to win an Academy Award. He received his third Academy Award nomination, and second Best Actor nomination, for the film Biutiful.
/m/02mzg9	The University of Denver, founded in 1864, is the oldest private university in the Rocky Mountain Region of the United States. The University of Denver is a coeducational, four-year university in Denver, Colorado. DU enrolls approximately 5,000 undergraduate students and 6,000 graduate students. The 125-acre main campus is a designated arboretum and is located primarily in the University Neighborhood, about seven miles south of downtown Denver.
/m/01hp5	Batman is a 1989 American superhero film directed by Tim Burton and produced by Jon Peters, based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is the first installment of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series. The film stars Jack Nicholson, Michael Keaton in the title role, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Pat Hingle, Billy Dee Williams, Michael Gough, and Jack Palance. In the film, Batman deals with the rise of a costumed criminal known as \"The Joker\".\nAfter Burton was hired as director in 1986, Steve Englehart and Julie Hickson wrote film treatments before Sam Hamm wrote the first screenplay. Batman was not greenlit until after the success of Burton's Beetlejuice. Numerous A-list actors were considered for the role of Batman before Keaton was cast. Keaton's casting caused a controversy since, by 1988, he had become typecast as a comedic actor and many observers doubted he could portray a serious role. Nicholson accepted the role of the Joker under strict conditions that dictated a high salary, a portion of the box office profits and his shooting schedule. The tone and themes of the film were influenced in part by Alan Moore's The Killing Joke and Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns.
/m/01m42d0	Aristotelis \"Telly\" Savalas was an American film and television actor and singer, whose career spanned four decades. Best known for playing the title role in the 1970s crime drama Kojak, Savalas was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Birdman of Alcatraz.\nHis other movie credits include The Young Savages, The Greatest Story Ever Told, Battle of the Bulge, The Dirty Dozen, The Scalphunters, supervillain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Kelly's Heroes, Pretty Maids All in a Row, Inside Out, and Escape to Athena.
/m/06nrt	Saskatchewan is a prairie province in Canada, which has a total area of 651,900 square kilometres and a land area of 592,534 square kilometres, the remainder being water area. Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by the Province of Alberta, on the north by the Northwest Territories, on the east by Manitoba, and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota. As of December 2013, the population of Saskatchewan was estimated at 1,114,170. Residents primarily live in the southern half of the province. Of the total population, 257,300 live in the province's largest city, Saskatoon, while 210,000 live in the provincial capital, Regina. Other major cities include Prince Albert, Moose Jaw, Yorkton, Swift Current and North Battleford.\nSaskatchewan was first explored by Europeans in 1690 and settled in 1774, having also been inhabited for thousands of years by various indigenous groups. It became a province in 1905, its name derived from the Saskatchewan River. The river was known as kisiskāciwani-sīpiy in the Cree language. The province's economy is based on agriculture, mining, and energy. Saskatchewan's current premier is Brad Wall and its lieutenant-governor is Vaughn Solomon Schofield.
/m/02jx1	England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west. The Irish Sea lies north west of England, whilst the Celtic Sea lies to the south west. The North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south separate it from continental Europe. Most of England comprises the central and southern part of the island of Great Britain which lies in the North Atlantic. The country also includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly, and the Isle of Wight.\nThe area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period, but it takes its name from the Angles, one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries. England became a unified state in 927 AD, and since the Age of Discovery, which began during the 15th century, has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world. The English language, the Anglican Church, and English law – the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world – developed in England, and the country's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations. The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England, transforming its society into the world's first industrialised nation.
/m/01c92g	The Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance was awarded between 1966 and 2011. The award had several minor name changes:\nIn 1966 the award was known as Best Contemporary Vocal Performance - Male\nIn 1967 the award was combined with the equivalent award for women as the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Solo Vocal Performance – Male or Female\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Male Solo Vocal Performance\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Contemporary-Pop Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1970 to 1971 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1972 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male\nSince 1995 it has been awarded as Best Male Pop Vocal Performance\nThe award was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo performances in the pop category were shifted to the newly formed Best Pop Solo Performance category.\nA similar award for Best Vocal Performance, Male was awarded from 1959 to 1968. This was also in the pop field, but did not specify pop music.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/01m7mv	Andover is an affluent town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. It was settled in 1642 and incorporated in 1646. As of the 2010 census, the population was 33,201. It is part of the Boston-Cambridge-Quincy, Massachusetts-New Hampshire metropolitan statistical area.\nPart of the town comprises the census-designated place of Andover.
/m/03y_46	Mark Williams is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter and presenter. He is best known as one of the stars of the popular BBC sketch show The Fast Show, as well as for his role as Arthur Weasley in the Harry Potter films. Most recently he has appeared as the titular character in the BBC series Father Brown.
/m/06mnr	Statistics is the study of the collection, organization, analysis, interpretation and presentation of data. It deals with all aspects of data including the planning of data collection in terms of the design of surveys and experiments.
/m/0347db	Neil Patrick Harris is an American actor, producer, and director. He is known for playing Barney Stinson in the television comedy series How I Met Your Mother, the title character in Doogie Howser, M.D., the title role in Joss Whedon's musical Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, and a fictional version of himself in the Harold & Kumar film series. He has also appeared in the films Starship Troopers, Beastly, The Smurfs, and The Smurfs 2.\nHarris was named as one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in 2010, and was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in September 2011. Harris has also hosted the Tony Awards on Broadway in 2009, 2011, 2012, and 2013.
/m/01lf293	Blood, Sweat & Tears is a contemporary jazz-rock American music group, active throughout the later part of the 20th century and still into the 21st. They are well known for their music throughout the late 1960s to early 1970's, and they are noted as well for their combination of brass and rock band instrumentation. The group recorded songs by rock/folk songwriters such as Laura Nyro, James Taylor, The Band, the Rolling Stones, as well as Billie Holiday and Erik Satie. They also incorporated music from Thelonious Monk and Sergei Prokofiev into their arrangements.\nThey were originally formed in 1967 in New York City. Since their beginnings, the band has gone through numerous iterations with varying personnel and has encompassed a multitude of musical styles. What the band is most known for, from its start, is the fusing of rock, blues, pop music, horn arrangements and jazz improvisation into a hybrid that came to be known as \"jazz-rock\". Unlike \"jazz fusion\" bands, which tend toward virtuostic displays of instrumental facility and some experimentation with electric instruments, the songs of Blood, Sweat & Tears merged the stylings of rock, pop and R&B/soul music with big band, while also adding elements of 20th Century Classical and small combo jazz traditions.
/m/07xvf	U-571 is a 2000 film directed by Jonathan Mostow, and starring Matthew McConaughey, Bill Paxton, Harvey Keitel, Thomas Kretschmann, Jon Bon Jovi, Jack Noseworthy, Will Estes, and Tom Guiry. In the film, a World War II German submarine is boarded in 1942 by disguised United States Navy submariners seeking to capture her Enigma cipher machine.\nThe film was financially successful and generally well-received by critics in the USA and won an Academy Award for sound editing. The fictitious plot attracted substantial criticism since, in reality, it was British personnel from HMS Bulldog who first captured a naval Enigma machine, months before the United States entered the war. The anger over the inaccuracies even reached the British Parliament, where Prime Minister Tony Blair stated that the film was an \"affront\" to British sailors.\nThe real U-571 was never involved in any such events, was not captured, and was in fact sunk in January 1944, off Ireland, by a Short Sunderland flying boat from No. 461 Squadron, Royal Australian Air Force.\nU-571 was filmed in the Mediterranean Sea, near Rome and Malta.
/m/0cqhmg	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest female acting achievement in a comedy series. Actresses are eligible for the award whether they appear in leading or supporting roles in their respective programs.
/m/02zjd	Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald was an American author of novels and short stories, whose works are the paradigmatic writings of the Jazz Age, a term he coined. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest American writers of the 20th century. Fitzgerald is considered a member of the \"Lost Generation\" of the 1920s. He finished four novels: This Side of Paradise, The Beautiful and Damned, The Great Gatsby, and Tender Is the Night. A fifth, unfinished novel, The Love of the Last Tycoon, was published posthumously. Fitzgerald also wrote many short stories that treat themes of youth and promise along with age and despair.\nFitzgerald's work has been adapted into films many times. His short story, \"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\", was the basis for a 2008 film. Tender is the Night was filmed in 1962, and made into a television miniseries in 1985. The Beautiful and Damned was filmed in 1922 and 2010. The Great Gatsby has been the basis for numerous films of the same name, spanning nearly 90 years; 1926, 1949, 1974, 2000, and 2013 adaptations. In addition, Fitzgerald's own life from 1937 to 1940 was dramatized in 1958 in Beloved Infidel.
/m/0443y3	Marcia Anne Cross is an American television actress known for her roles as Dr. Kimberly Shaw on Fox soap opera Melrose Place, and Bree Van de Kamp on the ABC comedy-drama series Desperate Housewives.
/m/02g40r	Atticus Ross is an English musician, composer and producer. Ross, along with Trent Reznor, won the Academy Award for Best Original Score for The Social Network in 2010. In 2013, the pair won a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for their music for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
/m/0262x6	The Hugo Award for Best Novella is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The novella award is available for works of fiction of between 17,500 and 40,000 words; awards are also given out in the short story, novelette and novel categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Novella has been awarded annually since 1968. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for novellas for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by the supporting and attending members of the annual World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five novellas on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/0ddjy	Return of the Jedi, later released as Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, is a 1983 American epic science fiction film directed by Richard Marquand and written by George Lucas and Lawrence Kasdan, with Lucas as executive producer. It is the third film released in the Star Wars franchise and the first film to use THX technology. The film is set approximately one year after The Empire Strikes Back and was produced by Howard Kazanjian and Lucasfilm Ltd.\nThe evil Galactic Empire, under the direction of the ruthless Emperor Palpatine, is constructing a second Death Star in order to crush the Rebel Alliance. Since Palpatine plans to personally oversee the final stages of its construction, the Rebel Fleet launches a full-scale attack on the Death Star in order to prevent its completion and kill Palpatine, effectively bringing an end to the Empire. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker, a Rebel leader and Jedi Apprentice, struggles to bring Darth Vader, who is his father Anakin and himself a fallen Jedi, back from the Dark Side of the Force.\nDavid Lynch and David Cronenberg were considered to direct the project before Marquand signed on as director. The production team relied on Lucas' storyboards during pre-production. While writing the shooting script, Lucas, Kasdan, Marquand, and producer Howard Kazanjian spent two weeks in conference discussing ideas to construct it. Kazanjian's schedule pushed shooting to a few weeks earlier to allow Industrial Light & Magic to work on the film's effects in post-production. Filming took place in England, California, and Arizona from January to March 1982, with Lucas handling second unit work. Strict secrecy surrounded the production and the film used the working title Blue Harvest to prevent price gouging.
/m/017gl1	The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2001 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson based on the first volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. It is the first installment in the The Lord of the Rings film series, and was followed by The Two Towers and The Return of the King, based on the second and third volumes of The Lord of the Rings.\nSet in Middle-earth, the story tells of the Dark Lord Sauron, who is seeking the One Ring. The Ring has found its way to the young hobbit Frodo Baggins. The fate of Middle-earth hangs in the balance as Frodo and eight companions who form the Fellowship of the Ring begin their journey to Mount Doom in the land of Mordor, the only place where the Ring can be destroyed.\nReleased on 10 December 2001, the film was highly acclaimed by critics and fans alike who considered it to be a landmark in filmmaking and an achievement in the fantasy film genre. It has continued to be featured on critics' lists of the greatest fantasy films ever made as of 2013. The film was a massive box office success, earning over $871 million worldwide, and becoming the second highest-grossing film of 2001 in the U.S. and worldwide which made it the fifth highest-grossing film ever at the time.
/m/04pwg	Louis XIV, known as Louis the Great or the Sun King, was a monarch of the House of Bourbon who ruled as King of France and Navarre from 1643 until his death. His reign of 72 years and 110 days is the longest of monarchs of major countries in European history.\nLouis began his personal rule of France in 1661 after the death of his chief minister, the Italian Cardinal Mazarin. An adherent of the theory of the divine right of kings, which advocates the divine origin of monarchical rule, Louis continued his predecessors' work of creating a centralized state governed from the capital. He sought to eliminate the remnants of feudalism persisting in parts of France and, by compelling many members of the nobility to inhabit his lavish Palace of Versailles, succeeded in pacifying the aristocracy, many members of which had participated in the Fronde rebellion during Louis's minority. By these means he became one of the most powerful French monarchs and consolidated a system of absolute monarchical rule in France that endured until the French Revolution.\nDuring Louis's reign, France was the leading European power and it fought three major wars: the Franco-Dutch War, the War of the League of Augsburg, and the War of the Spanish Succession. There were also two lesser conflicts: the War of Devolution and the War of the Reunions. Louis encouraged and benefited from the work of prominent political, military, and cultural figures such as Mazarin, Colbert, the Grand Condé, Turenne and Vauban, as well as Molière, Racine, Boileau, La Fontaine, Lully, Marais, Le Brun, Rigaud, Bossuet, Le Vau, Mansart, Charles and Claude Perrault, and Le Nôtre.
/m/02yw5r	The 72nd Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1999 and took place on March 26, 2000, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by husband-and-wife producing team Richard and Lili Fini Zanuck and was directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the seventh time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 70th ceremony held in 1998. Three weeks earlier in a ceremony at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California held on March 4, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Salma Hayek.\nAmerican Beauty won five awards, including Best Picture. Other winners included The Matrix with four awards, The Cider House Rules and Topsy-Turvy with two, and All About My Mother, Boys Don't Cry, Girl, Interrupted, King Gimp, My Mother Dreams the Satan's Disciples in New York, The Old Man and the Sea, One Day in September, The Red Violin, Sleepy Hollow, and Tarzan with one. The telecast garnered almost 47 million viewers.
/m/02wh75	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Song is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality songs in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award, reserved for songwriters, was first presented to English musician Sting in 1992. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award honors new songs or songs \"first achieving prominence\" during the period of eligibility. Songs containing prominent samples or interpolations are not eligible.\nBruce Springsteen holds the records for the most wins and nominations, having won four awards from nine nominations. Other winners of multiple awards include Alanis Morissette as well as the bands Red Hot Chili Peppers and U2, with two. Award-winning songs have been performed by American artists more than any other nationality, though they have also been performed by musicians or groups originating from Canada, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. There have been four instances in which one artist or group was nominated for two works in the same year: the group Aerosmith was nominated for both \"Cryin'\" and \"Livin' on the Edge\" in 1994, Melissa Etheridge received nominations for \"Come to My Window\" and \"I'm the Only One\" in 1995, Jakob Dylan of The Wallflowers won for \"One Headlight\" and was also nominated for \"The Difference\" in 1998, and U2 was nominated for the songs \"Elevation\" and \"Walk On\" in 2002. Coldplay holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with four. The The Black Keys are the most recent award recipient.
/m/04dn09n	The Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay - Motion Picture is one of the annual awards given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Writing\n\"‡\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Writing\n\"§\" indicates a Golden Globe Award winner who was not nominated for the Academy Award
/m/07bch9	Scottish Americans or Scots Americans are Americans whose ancestry originates wholly or partly in Scotland. Scottish Americans are closely related to Scotch-Irish Americans, descendants of Ulster Scots, and communities emphasize and celebrate a common heritage. The majority of Scotch-Irish originally came from Lowland Scotland and Northern England before migrating to the province of Ulster in Ireland and thence, beginning about five generations later, to North America in large numbers during the eighteenth century.\nIn the 2009 US Community Census Survey, 6.85 million Americans self-identified as having solely Scottish ancestry. 27.5 million Americans reported Scottish ancestry either alone, or in combination with another nationality. Although the northern states have a healthy population of Scottish-Americans, the majority of those claiming Scottish descent reside in southern states such as North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
/m/062ftr	Paul S. Feig is an American director, actor and author. Feig directed the blockbuster Oscar nominated 2011 film Bridesmaids featuring Kristen Wiig. He created the critically acclaimed show Freaks and Geeks and has directed several episodes of The Office and Arrested Development; plus select episodes of 30 Rock, Parks and Recreation, Mad Men and other television series. Feig has been nominated for two Emmy Awards for writing on Freaks and Geeks and three for directing on The Office. He is also known for playing Mr. Eugene Pool, Sabrina's science teacher, on the first season of Sabrina, the Teenage Witch, as well as Tim, a camp counselor, in the film Heavyweights.
/m/03tn9w	The 50th Academy Awards were held at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, California on April 3, 1978. The ceremonies were presided over by Bob Hope, who hosted the awards for the eighteenth and last time.\nTwo of the year's biggest winners were Star Wars, which swept the technical categories by winning 6 out of its 10 nominations and a Special Achievement for Sound Effects Editing, and Annie Hall, winning 4 out of 5 nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actress and Best Director. The awards show was also notable for a very politically charged acceptance speech by Vanessa Redgrave.\nThe Turning Point set the record for the most nominations without a win, previously held by Peyton Place and The Little Foxes, which each had 9 nominations with no wins. This record, later tied by The Color Purple, still stands as of the 86th Academy Awards.\nAnnie Hall was the last Best Picture winner to be nominated for just five awards until The Departed 29 years later in 2006.\nJason Robards became the fourth actor to win back to back Oscars.\nFor the first and only time to date, both Best Actor and Best Actress winners won for roles in two different romantic comedies.
/m/045qmr	Digimon Adventure, known in North America as the first season of Digimon: Digital Monsters, is a Japanese anime television series created by Akiyoshi Hongo and produced by Toei Animation in cooperation with Bandai and Fuji Television. It is the first anime installment in the Digimon media franchise, based on the virtual pet of the same name. The series aired in Japan between March 7, 1999 and March 26, 2000. An English-language version produced by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between August 1999 and June 2000. A video game adaptation of the series by Prope was released for PlayStation Portable on January 17, 2013. The series was followed by Digimon Adventure 02, which takes place three years after the events of Adventure. It was confirmed by a promo on Nicktoons that Digimon would begin to air on Nicktoons on June 10, 2013 and was later confirmed on their Facebook page. Digimon Adventure 01 & 02, Digimon Tamers and Digimon Frontier were dubbed into Arabic and aired on Spacetoon.
/m/01bx35	The 43rd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 21, 2001 at Staples Center, Los Angeles. Several artists earned three awards on the night: Steely Dan's haul included Album of the Year for Two Against Nature; U2 took home the Record of the Year and Song of the Year for Beautiful Day; Dr. Dre won Producer of the Year, Non-Classical & Best Rap Album for Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP; Eminem himself also received three awards, out of four nominations; Faith Hill took home Best Country Album for the album Breathe, Best Female Country Vocal Performance for the song's title track and for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals with Tim McGraw for \"Let's Make Love\".
/m/01vw37m	Christopher Brian Bridges, better known by his stage name Ludacris, is an American rapper, entrepreneur and actor. Along with his manager, Chaka Zulu, Ludacris is the co-founder of Disturbing tha Peace, an imprint distributed by Def Jam Recordings. Ludacris has won a Screen Actors Guild, Critic's Choice, MTV, and three Grammy Awards during his career. Along with fellow Atlantans Big Boi and Andre 3000 of OutKast, Ludacris was one of the first and most influential Dirty South artists to achieve mainstream success.\nBorn in Champaign, Illinois, Ludacris moved to Atlanta, Georgia at age nine, where he began rapping. After a brief stint as a disc jockey, he released his debut album Back for the First Time in 2000, which contained the singles \"Southern Hospitality\" and \"What's Your Fantasy\". In 2001, he released Word of Mouf, followed by Chicken-n-Beer in 2003. He took a more serious approach with his next three albums, The Red Light District, Release Therapy, and Theater of the Mind. His latest record, Battle of the Sexes, was released in 2010. As an actor, he has appeared in films including 2 Fast 2 Furious, Crash, Gamer, Fast Five, New Year's Eve, and Fast & Furious 6.
/m/01jgpsh	Tracey Ullman is an English stage and television actress, comedian, singer, dancer, director, author, and screenwriter of dual British and American citizenship.\nHer early appearances were on British TV sketch comedy shows A Kick Up the Eighties and Three of a Kind. After a brief but high-profile singing career, she appeared as Candice Valentine in Girls on Top with Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders.\nShe emigrated from the United Kingdom to the US and created her own network television series, The Tracey Ullman Show, from 1987 until 1990. She later produced programmes for HBO, including Tracey Takes On..., for which she won numerous awards. She has also appeared in several feature films. Ullman's most recent sketch comedy series, Tracey Ullman's State of the Union, ran from 2008 to 2010 on Showtime.
/m/02g3gw	The Saturn Award for Best Writing is a Saturn Award presented by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films for the best writing in any motion picture genre.\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates an Academy Award-winning movie on the same category.\n\"‡\" indicates an Academy Award-nominated movie on the same category.
/m/027r9t	Almost Famous is a 2000 comedy-drama film written, co-produced, and directed by Cameron Crowe, telling the coming-of-age story of a teenage journalist writing for Rolling Stone magazine while on the road with a fictitious 1970s rock band named Stillwater. The film is semi-autobiographical, Crowe himself having been a teenage writer for Rolling Stone.\nThe film received positive reviews, but failed to break even at the box office. It received four Oscar nominations, with Crowe winning one for best original screenplay. It also earned the 2001 Grammy Award Best Compilation Soundtrack Album. Roger Ebert hailed it the best film of the year.
/m/07c52	Television, or TV for short, is a telecommunication medium for transmitting and receiving moving images that can be monochrome or colored, with or without accompanying sound. \"Television\" may also refer specifically to a television set, television program, or television transmission.\nCommercially available since the late 1920s, the television set has become commonplace in homes, businesses and institutions, particularly as a vehicle for advertising, a source of entertainment, and news. Since the 1950s, television has been the main medium for molding public opinion. Since the 1970s, the availability of video cassettes, laserdiscs, DVDs and now Blu-ray Discs have resulted in the television set frequently being used for viewing recorded as well as broadcast material. In recent years, Internet television has seen the rise of television available via the Internet through services such as iPlayer and Hulu.\nIn 2009, 78% of the world's households owned at least one television set, an increase of 5% over 2003.\nAlthough other forms such as closed-circuit television are in use, the most common usage of the medium is for broadcast television, which was modeled on the existing radio broadcasting systems developed in the 1920s, and uses high-powered radio-frequency transmitters to broadcast the television signal to individual TV receivers.
/m/08hhm6	Manoj Kumar is an award-winning Indian actor and director in the Bollywood film industry. He is remembered for his films Hariyali Aur Raasta, Woh Kaun Thi?, Himalaya Ki God Mein, Do Badan, Upkar, Patthar Ke Sanam, Neel Kamal, Purab Aur Paschim, Roti Kapda Aur Makaan, and Kranti. He is known for acting in and directing films with patriotic themes, and has been given the nickname \"Bhaarat Kumar\". In 1992, he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India.
/m/03zz8b	Amanda Michelle Seyfried is an American actress, singer and model. She began her career as a child model when she was 11 and at 15 began her career as an actress, starting off with uncredited roles and moving on to recurring roles on As the World Turns and All My Children.\nIn 2004, Seyfried made her film debut in Mean Girls. Her subsequent supporting roles were in independent films, such as Nine Lives and Alpha Dog, and she also had a recurring role in the UPN TV show Veronica Mars. Between 2006 and 2011, she starred on the HBO series Big Love. After that, Seyfried appeared in the 2008 musical feature film Mamma Mia!. Her other appearances include leading roles in Jennifer's Body, Chloe, Dear John, Letters to Juliet, Red Riding Hood, In Time, Gone, Cosette in the musical film Les Misérables, and Linda Lovelace in the biopic Lovelace.
/m/02lq67	A bronze medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of bronze awarded to the third place finisher of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the second place a silver medal. More generally, bronze is traditionally the most common metal used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones. The practice of awarding bronze third place medals began at the 1904 Olympic Games in St. Louis, Missouri, prior to which only first and second places were awarded.
/m/0cqhk0	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Comedy Series.
/m/0fb7sd	The Kingdom is a 2007 action film directed by Peter Berg and starring Jamie Foxx, Chris Cooper, Jennifer Garner, Jason Bateman, and Ashraf Barhom, with Kyle Chandler, Jeremy Piven, Richard Jenkins, and Ali Suliman.\nThe film is fictional but inspired by bombings at the Riyadh compound on May 12, 2003 and the Khobar housing complex on June 26, 1996, in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The story follows a team of FBI agents who investigate the bombing of a foreign-workers facility in Saudi Arabia. Screenwriter Matthew Michael Carnahan has summarized the plot as, \"What would a murder investigation look like on Mars?”\nThe film was screened at the Edinburgh International Film Festival as its yearly \"surprise\" film on 22 August 2007.
/m/09lvl1	This is a list of the winners and nominations of Tony Award for the Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical. The award has been presented since 1947. It is the equivalent to the Best Supporting Actor award at the Academy Awards.
/m/0zc6f	Dumfries is a market town and former royal burgh within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland. It is near the mouth of the River Nith into the Solway Firth. Dumfries was a civil parish and became the county town of the former county of Dumfriesshire. Dumfries is nicknamed Queen of the South. People from Dumfries are known colloquially as Doonhamers.
/m/0557q	Musical theatre is a form of theatre that combines songs, spoken dialogue, acting, and dance. The story and emotional content of the piece – humor, pathos, love, anger – are communicated through the words, music, movement and technical aspects of the entertainment as an integrated whole. Although musical theatre overlaps with other theatrical forms like opera and dance, it may be distinguished by the equal importance given to the music as compared with the dialogue, movement and other elements of the works. Since the early 20th century, musical theatre stage works have generally been called, simply, musicals. Although music has been a part of dramatic presentations since ancient times, modern Western musical theatre emerged during the 19th century, culminating with the works of Gilbert and Sullivan in Britain and those of Harrigan and Hart in America. These were followed by the numerous Edwardian musical comedies and the musical theatre works of American creators like George M. Cohan...
/m/048s0r	Scott Leo \"Taye\" Diggs is an American theatre, film and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his roles in the Broadway musical Rent, the motion picture How Stella Got Her Groove Back, and the television series Private Practice. His nickname, Taye taey, comes from the playful pronunciation of Scotty as \"Scottay\".
/m/09fc83	The Stand is a 1994 television miniseries based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King. King also wrote the teleplay, and has a cameo role in the series. It was directed by Mick Garris and stars Gary Sinise, Miguel Ferrer, Rob Lowe, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Jamey Sheridan, Laura San Giacomo, Molly Ringwald, Corin Nemec, Adam Storke, Ray Walston and Matt Frewer. It originally aired on ABC starting on May 8, 1994.
/m/09wlpl	Kirk Thornton is an American voice actor.
/m/0329nn	The Romania national football team is the national football team of Romania and is controlled by the Romanian Football Federation.\nRomania is one of only four national teams, the other three being Brazil, France, and Belgium, that took part in the first three World Cups.\nHowever, after that performance, they only qualified for the 1970, 1990, 1994 and 1998 editions. Their finest hour came at the 1994 World Cup where Romania, led by playmaker Gheorghe Hagi, reached the quarter-finals by defeating South American powerhouse Argentina before losing to Sweden on a penalty shootout.\nAt the European Championships, Romania's best performance was in 2000 when they advanced to the quarter-finals from a group with Germany, Portugal and England before falling to eventual runners-up Italy. They also reached the last eight in 1960 and 1972, and qualified for the 1984, 1996 and 2008 tournaments.
/m/01c22t	Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Pete Docter, produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was co-directed by Lee Unkrich and David Silverman and stars the voices of John Goodman, Billy Crystal, Steve Buscemi, James Coburn and Jennifer Tilly.\nThe film centers around two monsters employed at the titular Monsters, Inc.: top scarer James P. \"Sulley\" Sullivan, and his one-eyed partner and best friend, Mike Wazowski. Monsters, Inc. employees generate their city's power by targeting and scaring children, but they are themselves afraid that the children may contaminate them; when one child enters Monstropolis, Mike and Sulley must return her.\nDocter began developing the film in 1996 and wrote the story with Jill Culton, Jeff Pidgeon, and Ralph Eggleston. Fellow Pixar director Andrew Stanton wrote the screenplay with screenwriter Daniel Gerson. The characters went through many incarnations over the film's five-year production process. The technical team and animators found new ways to render fur and cloth realistically for the film. Randy Newman, who composed the music for Pixar's three prior films, returned to compose its fourth.
/m/06s26c	Jon Peters is an American movie producer.
/m/09g8vhw	Little Fockers is a 2010 comedy film written by John Hamburg and Larry Stuckey and directed by Paul Weitz.
/m/02_286	New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. The city is referred to as New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. The home of the United Nations Headquarters, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural capital of the world.\nOn one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State. The five boroughs—The Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island—were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2012 population of 8,336,697 distributed over a land area of just 302.64 square miles, New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2012 census estimates, the New York Metropolitan Area's population remains by a significant margin the United States' largest Metropolitan Statistical Area, with approximately 19.8 million people, and is also part of the most populous Combined Statistical Area in the United States, containing an estimated 23.4 million people.
/m/02t_st	Gregory Buck \"Greg\" Kinnear is an American actor and television personality who first rose to stardom in 1991. He has appeared in more than 20 motion pictures, and was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in As Good as It Gets.\nHe has appeared in other notable films, including Sabrina, You've Got Mail, Nurse Betty, We Were Soldiers, Little Miss Sunshine, Invincible and Green Zone. Notable TV roles include Friends and his Emmy nominated roles for Talk Soup, The Kennedys and Modern Family, as well as starring as Keegan Deane, in the 2014 series, Rake.
/m/02704ff	Burn After Reading is a 2008 black comedy film written, produced, edited and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars George Clooney, John Malkovich, Frances McDormand, Tilda Swinton, and Brad Pitt. It was released in the United States on September 12, 2008, and it was released on October 17, 2008 in the United Kingdom. The film had its premiere on August 27, 2008, when it opened the 2008 Venice Film Festival.
/m/04h5_c	The Puerto Rico national football team is the national team of Puerto Rico and is controlled by Federación Puertorriqueña de Fútbol. Puerto Rico's national football team is a member of the Caribbean Football Union, part of the CONCACAF.
/m/0k3hn	Essex County is a county located in the northeastern part of the State of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 743,159. Prior to the dissolution of the county government in 1999, it had two county seats: Salem, with jurisdiction over the Southern Essex District, and Lawrence, with jurisdiction over the Northern Essex District. The county and the districts remain as administrative regions recognized by various agencies of the governmental substructure, which gathered vital statistics or disposed of judicial case loads under these geographic subdivisions, and are required to keep the records based on them. Salem and Lawrence are no longer county seats of government. However, the county subdivision has been utilized by some agencies. For example, the county as it was has been designated the Essex National Heritage Area by the National Park Service. It also is used to define areas within a National Weather Service weather alert without listing every single town/city in the alert's area.
/m/01s21dg	John Clayton Mayer is an American recording artist, producer, and environmentalist. Born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and raised in Fairfield, he attended Berklee College of Music in Boston. He moved to Atlanta in 1997, where he refined his skills and gained a following, and he now lives in Montana. His first two studio albums, Room for Squares and Heavier Things, did well commercially, achieving multi-platinum status. In 2003, he won a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for \"Your Body Is a Wonderland.\"\nMayer began his career performing mainly acoustic rock, but gradually began a transition towards the blues genre in 2005 by collaborating with renowned blues artists such as B. B. King, Buddy Guy, and Eric Clapton, and by forming the John Mayer Trio. The blues influence can be heard throughout his 2005 live album Try! with the John Mayer Trio and his third studio album Continuum, released in September 2006. At the 49th Annual Grammy Awards in 2007, Mayer won Best Pop Vocal Album for Continuum and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for \"Waiting on the World to Change\". He released his fourth studio album, Battle Studies, in November 2009. His fifth album, Born and Raised, which saw another musical style shift, was released in May 2012, followed by his sixth album Paradise Valley in August 2013. He has sold over ten million albums in the U.S. and over 20 million albums worldwide.
/m/0bq8tmw	21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action comedy film produced by and starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, scripted by Michael Bacall from a story by Hill and Bacall, and directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller. Based on the 1987 television series of the same name by Stephen J. Cannell and Patrick Hasburgh, the film follows two police officers who are forced to relive high school when they are assigned to go undercover as high school students to prevent the outbreak of a new synthetic drug and arrest its supplier. It was released theatrically on March 16, 2012, by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was both a critical and commercial success. A sequel titled 22 Jump Street is in production and will be released in theaters on June 13, 2014.
/m/0f830f	Robert Clohessy is an American actor. He is best known for playing Correctional Officer Sean Murphy on the HBO drama Oz.
/m/01jrbv	The Birdcage is a 1996 American comedy film directed by Mike Nichols, and stars Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Nathan Lane, and Dianne Wiest. Dan Futterman, Calista Flockhart, Hank Azaria, and Christine Baranski appear in supporting roles. The script was written by Elaine May. It is a remake of the 1978 Franco-Italian film, La Cage aux Folles, by Jean Poiret and Francis Veber, starring Michel Serrault and Ugo Tognazzi.
/m/04gc2	A lawyer, according to Black's Law Dictionary, is \"a person learned in the law; as an attorney, counsel or solicitor; a person who is practicing law.\" Law is the system of rules of conduct established by the sovereign government of a society to correct wrongs, maintain the stability of political and social authority, and deliver justice. Working as a lawyer involves the practical application of abstract legal theories and knowledge to solve specific individualized problems, or to advance the interests of those who retain lawyers to perform legal services.\nThe role of the lawyer varies significantly across legal jurisdictions, and so it can be treated here in only the most general terms.
/m/03d0ns	Jeanne Moreau is a French actress, singer, screenwriter and director. She is the recipient of a César Award for Best Actress, a BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress and a Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award for individual performances, and several lifetime awards.\nMoreau made her theatrical debut in 1947, and established herself as one of the leading actresses of the Comédie-Française. She began playing small roles in films in 1949 and eventually achieved prominence as the star of Lift to the Scaffold /Elevator to the Gallows, directed by Louis Malle and Jules et Jim, directed by François Truffaut. Most prolific during the 1960s, Moreau continues to appear in films to the present day.
/m/01wyz92	Kimberly Denise Jones known by her stage name Lil' Kim, is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, record producer, model, and actress. She was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, living much of her adolescent life on the streets after being expelled from home. In her teens, Kim would freestyle rap, heavily influenced by actress/singer Diana Ross, and fellow female hip-hop artists like MC Lyte and The Lady of Rage. Performing a freestyle rap for The Notorious B.I.G. got her music career start in 1995 with his group Junior M.A.F.I.A., whose debut album Conspiracy generated three hit singles.\nLil' Kim's debut studio album, Hard Core was certified Double Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and spawned three consecutive No. 1 rap hits: \"No Time\", \"Not Tonight\", and \"Crush on You\", a record for a female rapper. Her following albums, The Notorious K.I.M. and La Bella Mafia, were certified Platinum, making her the only female rapper besides Missy Elliott to have at least 3 platinum albums. She was featured on the single, \"Lady Marmalade\", which also had guest vocals by fellow recording artists Mýa, Pink and Christina Aguilera which went to No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, making her the first female rapper to have a No. 1 on that chart. In addition, the remake won two MTV Video Music Awards including Video of the Year, and a Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 44th Grammy Awards in 2002. In 2005, she served a year long prison sentence for lying to a jury about her friends' involvement in a shooting four years earlier. During her incarceration, her fourth album The Naked Truth was released. She returned to the public eye in 2009 with an appearance on Dancing with the Stars.
/m/014gf8	Laurence John Fishburne III is an American actor, playwright, director, and producer. He is best known for his roles as Morpheus in the Matrix science fiction film trilogy, Clean in Apocalypse Now, Cowboy Curtis on the television show Pee-wee's Playhouse, Ike Turner in the Tina Turner biopic What's Love Got to Do With It and as Furious Styles in Boyz n the Hood. He became the first African-American to portray Othello in a motion picture by a major studio when he appeared in Oliver Parker's 1995 film adaptation of the Shakespeare play. He won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in Two Trains Running, and an Emmy Award for Drama Series Guest Actor for his performance in TriBeCa.\nFrom 2008 to 2011, he starred as Dr. Raymond Langston on the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Fishburne has starred in several cult classics, including Deep Cover, and King of New York. In 2013, he portrayed Perry White in the Zack Snyder-directed Superman reboot Man of Steel and stars as Special Agent Jack Crawford on the NBC thriller series Hannibal.
/m/01y3c	The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the southern division of the National Football Conference, one of the two conferences in the National Football League. The team is worth approximately USD $1 billion, according to Forbes, and is controlled by Jerry Richardson and his family; they have a 48% stake. The remainder of the team is held by a group of 14 limited partners. The head coach is Ron Rivera, while the president is Danny Morrison.\nThe Panthers first competed in 1995 and fared well in their first two years, finishing 7–9 in 1995 and 12–4 in 1996. They did not have another winning season until 2003, when the team won the NFC Championship Game and reached Super Bowl XXXVIII, losing 32–29 to the New England Patriots. After recording playoff appearances in 2005 and 2008, the team failed to record another playoff appearance until 2013, when they finished with a 12–4 record and won the NFC South. The Panthers have made the playoffs five times, reaching the NFC Championship Game in three of them. They have won four division titles, one of them in the NFC West and three of them in the NFC South; they have qualified for the playoffs five times.
/m/02pjzvh	Villanova University's men's basketball team has competed since the 1920–21 season. Nicknamed the \"Wildcats\", Villanova is a member of the Big East Conference and the Philadelphia Big Five. The Villanova Wildcats have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 33 times, the 8th highest total in NCAA history. They made the Final Four in 1939, 1971, 1985 and 2009, and were National Champions in 1985. Villanova has appeared in the NIT 17 times, winning in 1994, and won the Big East Tournament in 1995. Villanova entered the 2007-2008 season with an all-time winning percentage of .637, placing the Wildcats 20th among all NCAA Division I basketball programs.
/m/0408np	Thomas Jane is an American actor and comic book writer, best known for his roles in Padamati Sandhya Ragam, Boogie Nights, 61*, The Punisher, The Mist, and Hung.
/m/04mky3	Sufjan Stevens is an American singer-songwriter and musician born in Detroit, Michigan. Stevens first began releasing his music on Asthmatic Kitty, a label co-founded with his stepfather, beginning with the 1999 release, A Sun Came. He is best known for his 2005 album, Illinois, which hit number one in the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart, and for the song \"Chicago\".\nStevens has released albums of varying styles, from the electronica of Enjoy Your Rabbit and the lo-fi folk of Seven Swans to the symphonic instrumentation of Illinois and Christmas-themed Songs for Christmas. Stevens makes use of a variety of instruments, often playing many of them himself on the same recording, and writes music in various time signatures. Though he has repeatedly stated an intent to separate his beliefs from his music, Stevens also freely draws from the Bible and other spiritual traditions, often incorporating mystical elements into his music.
/m/0b1f49	Brad Alan Grey is the chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures, a position he has held since 2005. Under Grey’s leadership, Paramount finished No. 1 in global market share in 2011 and No. 2 domestically in 2008, 2009 and 2010 despite releasing significantly fewer films than its competitors. He also has produced 8 out of Paramount's 10 top-grossing pictures of all time since he succeeded Sherry Lansing in 2005.
/m/0kq2	Agnosticism is the view that the truth values of certain claims—especially claims about the existence or non-existence of any deity, as well as other religious and metaphysical claims—are unknown or unknowable. Agnosticism sometimes indicates doubt or a skeptical approach to questions. According to the philosopher William L. Rowe, an agnostic is someone who holds neither the belief that God exists nor the belief that God does not exist.\nThomas Henry Huxley, an English biologist, coined the word agnostic in 1869. However, earlier thinkers have written works that promoted agnostic points of view. These thinkers include Sanjaya Belatthaputta, a 5th-century BCE Indian philosopher who expressed agnosticism about any afterlife, Protagoras, a 5th-century BCE Greek philosopher was agnostic about the gods. The Nasadiya Sukta in the Rigveda is agnostic about the origin of the universe.\nSince the time that Huxley coined the term, many other thinkers have extensively written about agnosticism.
/m/07vfz	The University of California, San Francisco, is a center of health sciences research, patient care, and education; located in San Francisco, California. UCSF is widely regarded as one of the world's leading universities in health sciences. Though one of the 10 campuses of the University of California, it is unique for being the only University of California campus dedicated solely to graduate education, and in health and biomedical sciences. Some of UCSF's treatment centers include kidney transplants and liver transplantation, radiology, neurosurgery, neurology, oncology, ophthalmology, gene therapy, women's health, fetal surgery, pediatrics, and internal medicine.\nFounded in 1873, the mission of UCSF is to serve as a \"public university dedicated to saving lives and improving health.\" The UCSF Medical Center is consistently ranked among the top 10 hospitals in the United States by U.S. News & World Report, who also ranked UCSF's medical school as one of the top 10 in a number of specialties, including a specialty program in AIDS medical care ranked first in the country.\nUCSF is administered separately from Hastings College of Law, another UC institution located in San Francisco. In recent years, UCSF and UC Hastings have increased their collaboration, including the formation of the UCSF/Hastings Consortium on Law, Science, and Health Policy.
/m/0g5rg	Binghamton is a city in and the county seat of Broome County, New York, United States. It lies in the state's Southern Tier region near the Pennsylvania border, in a bowl-shaped valley at the confluence of the Susquehanna and Chenango Rivers. Binghamton is the principal city and cultural center of the Binghamton metropolitan area, home to a quarter million people. The population of the city itself, according to the 2010 census, is 47,376.\nFrom the days of the railroad, Binghamton was a transportation crossroads and a manufacturing center, and has been known at different times for the production of cigars, shoes, and computers. IBM was founded nearby, and the flight simulator was invented in the city, leading to a notable concentration of electronics- and defense-oriented firms. This sustained economic prosperity earned Binghamton the moniker of the Valley of Opportunity. However, following cuts made by defense firms after the end of the Cold War, the region has lost a significant portion of its manufacturing industry.\nToday, while there is a continued concentration of high-tech firms, Binghamton is emerging as a healthcare- and education-focused city, with the presence of Binghamton University acting as much of the driving force behind this revitalization.
/m/0dtw1x	The Aristocrats is a 2005 documentary film about the famous dirty joke of the same name. It was conceived and produced by comedians Penn Jillette and Paul Provenza, edited by Emery Emery, and released to theaters by TH!NKFilm. The film is dedicated to Johnny Carson, as \"The Aristocrats\" was said to be his favorite joke.
/m/01b66t	As the World Turns is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS from April 2, 1956 to September 17, 2010. Irna Phillips created As the World Turns as a sister show to her other soap opera The Guiding Light. Running for 54 years, As the World Turns holds the second-longest continuous run of any daytime network soap opera in American history, surpassed only by Guiding Light. As the World Turns was produced in New York City for all of its time.\nSet in the fictional town of Oakdale, Illinois, the show debuted on April 2, 1956, at 1:30 pm EST. Prior to that date, all serials had been fifteen minutes in length. As the World Turns and The Edge of Night, which premiered on the same day at 4:30 pm EST, were the first two to be thirty minutes in length from their premiere. At first, viewers did not respond to the new half-hour serial, but ratings picked up in its second year, eventually reaching the top spot in the daytime Nielsen ratings by fall 1958. In 1959, the show started a streak of weekly ratings wins that would not be interrupted for over twelve years. The show switched to color on August 21, 1967, and expanded from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on December 1, 1975 when The Edge of Night moved to ABC. In the year-to-date ratings, As the World Turns was the most-watched daytime drama from 1958 until 1978, with ten million viewers tuning in each day. At its height, core actors such as Helen Wagner, Don MacLaughlin, Don Hastings, and Eileen Fulton became nationally known. Three of these actors – Wagner, Hastings, and Fulton – are also the three longest serving actors in the history of American soap operas.
/m/03nqbvz	Samuel Alexander \"Sam\" O'Steen was an American film editor and director. He had an extended, notable collaboration with the director Mike Nichols, with whom he edited twelve films between 1966 and 1994. Among the notable films that O'Steen edited were Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf, Cool Hand Luke, The Graduate, Rosemary's Baby, and Chinatown.
/m/0bbgvp	Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1962 film starring Marlon Brando and Trevor Howard based on the novel Mutiny on the Bounty by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall. The film retells the 1789 real-life mutiny aboard HMAV Bounty led by Fletcher Christian against the ship's captain, William Bligh. It is the second American film to be made from the novel, the first being Mutiny on the Bounty. It was directed by Lewis Milestone, who replaced Carol Reed early in the production schedule. The screenplay was written by Charles Lederer. The score was composed by Bronisław Kaper.\nMutiny on the Bounty was filmed in the Ultra Panavision 70 widescreen process, the first motion picture so credited. It was partly shot on location in the South Pacific. Behind the scenes, Marlon Brando effectively took over directing duties himself and caused it to become far behind schedule and over budget — resulting in director Carol Reed pulling out of the project and being replaced by Lewis Milestone who is credited as director of the picture.
/m/0jdk_	The Sydney 2000 Summer Olympic Games or the Millennium Olympic Games/Games of the New Millennium, officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated between 15 September and 1 October 2000 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It was the second time that the Summer Olympics were held in the Southern Hemisphere, the first one being in Melbourne, Victoria in 1956.\nSydney was selected as the host city for the 2000 games in 1993. Teams from 199 countries participated. The United States won the most medals with 93, while Australia came in 4th with 58. The games cost was estimated to be A$6.6 billion. Many venues were constructed in the Sydney Olympic Park, which failed in the years immediately following the Olympics to meet the expected bookings to meet upkeep expenses. In the years leading up to the games, funds were shifted from education and health programs to cover Olympic expenses.\nThe Games received near-universal acclaim, with the organisation, volunteers, sportsmanship and Australian public being lauded in the international media. Bill Bryson from The Times called the Sydney Games \"one of the most successful events on the world stage\", saying that they \"couldn't be better\". James Mossop of the Electronic Telegraph called the Games in an article \"such a success that any city considering bidding for future Olympics must be wondering how it can reach the standards set by Sydney\", while Jack Todd in the Montreal Gazette suggested that the \"IOC should quit while it's ahead. Admit there can never be a better Olympic Games, and be done with it\", as \"Sydney was both exceptional and the best\". In preparing for the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Lord Sebastian Coe declared the Sydney games the \"benchmark for the spirit of the Games, unquestionably\" and admitting that the London organising committee \"attempted in a number of ways to emulate what [the Sydney organising committee] did.\"
/m/04mnts	Athletic Club Ajaccio is a French association football club based in the city of Ajaccio on the island of Corsica. The club was founded in 1910 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the first division of French football, having finished 2nd in the 2010–11 campaign in Ligue 2. The club president is Alain Orsoni and the first-team is currently coached by interim manager and former youth coach Christian Bracconi, following the sacking of Fabrizio Ravanelli on 2 November 2013. Ajaccio play their home matches at the Stade François Coty and are rivals with fellow island club SC Bastia, with whom they contest the Derby Corse.
/m/0mkk3	Sauk County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 61,976. Its county seat and largest city is Baraboo.\nSauk County comprises the Baraboo Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Madison-Janesville-Beloit, WI Combined Statistical Area.
/m/04hwbq	Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film, and the third film in the Toy Story series. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Directed by Lee Unkrich, the screenplay was written by Michael Arndt, while Unkrich wrote the story along with John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton, respectively director and co-writer of the first two films. The film was released worldwide from June through October in the Disney Digital 3-D, RealD, and IMAX 3D formats. Toy Story 3 was the first film to be released theatrically with Dolby Surround 7.1 sound.\nThe plot focuses on the toys Woody, Buzz Lightyear, and their friends dealing with an uncertain future as their owner, Andy, prepares to leave for college. Actors Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack and John Morris, along with few others reprised their voice-over roles from the previous films.\nThe film received widespread critical acclaim earning 99% 'certified fresh' rating at Rotten Tomatoes and a score of 92 at Metacritic. The feature broke Shrek the Third's record as the biggest opening day North American gross for an animated film unadjusted for inflation, and had a big opening weekend with an unadjusted gross of $110,307,189. It is also the highest-grossing opening weekend for a Pixar film, and was previously the highest-grossing opening weekend for a film to have opened in the month of June. This is the highest-grossing film of 2010, both in the United States and Canada, and worldwide. In early August, it became Pixar's highest-grossing film at the North American and worldwide box offices, and the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide. Later that month, Toy Story 3 became the only animated film in history to make over $1 billion worldwide. It is currently the 11th-highest-grossing film of all time.
/m/01q6bg	Rodney Sturt \"Rod\" Taylor is an Australian actor of film and television. He has appeared in over 50 films, and is well known for his leading roles in the science fiction classic The Time Machine, and in the Alfred Hitchcock horror story The Birds.
/m/0175tv	Hannoverscher Sportverein von 1896, commonly referred to as Hannover 96, Hannover or simply 96, is a German association football club based in the city of Hanover, Lower Saxony. Hannover 96 play in the Bundesliga, the top tier in the German football league system.\nHannover 96 was founded in 1896. Hannover have won two German championships and one DFB-Pokal. Hannover's stadium is the HDI-Arena. Hannover 96 has a big rivalry with VfL Wolfsburg and Eintracht Braunschweig.
/m/04z_3pm	Mary and Max is a 2009 Australian clay-animated black comedy-drama film written and directed by Adam Elliot and produced by Melanie Coombs. The voice cast included Philip Seymour Hoffman, Toni Collette, Eric Bana, Bethany Whitmore, with narration by Barry Humphries.\nThe film premiered on the opening night of the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. The film won the Annecy Cristal in June 2009 from the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, and Best Animated Feature Film at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards in November 2009. The film was given a PG-13 rating by the Motion Picture Association of America.
/m/0gf14	Ryerson University is a public research university located in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Its urban campus surrounds the Yonge-Dundas Square, located at the busiest intersection in downtown Toronto. The university has a focus on applied, career-oriented education. The majority of its buildings are in the blocks northeast of the Yonge-Dundas Square in Toronto's Garden District. Ryerson's business school, Ted Rogers School of Management is on the southwest end of the Yonge-Dundas Square, located on Bay Street, slightly north of Toronto's Financial District and is attached to the Toronto Eaton Centre. The university's most recent expansion, the Mattamy Athletic Centre, is located in the historical Maple Leaf Gardens hockey arena, the original home of the Toronto Maple Leafs. The university is composed of 36,000+ undergraduate students, 2,300+ graduate students, and 65,000+ certificate and continuing education students. The university is ranked 4th in Ontario and 10th in Canada by student enrollment.\nRyerson University is home to Canada's largest undergraduate business school, the Ted Rogers School of Management, and Canada's third largest undergraduate engineering school, the Faculty of Engineering and Architectural Science, as well as the Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Communication & Design, Faculty of Community Services, and the Faculty of Science.
/m/0mx0f	Yamhill County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 99,193. The county seat is McMinnville. According to Oregon Geographic Names, the origin of the name is uncertain, but is probably from an explorer's name for a local Native American tribe, the Yamhill, who are part of the North Kalapuyan family.\nYamhill County is included in the Portland metropolitan area.
/m/096f8	Show jumping, also known as \"stadium jumping\", \"open jumping\", or \"jumpers\", is a member of a family of English riding equestrian events that also includes dressage, eventing, hunters, and equitation. Jumping classes are commonly seen at horse shows throughout the world, including the Olympics. Sometimes shows are limited exclusively to jumpers, sometimes jumper classes are offered in conjunction with other English-style events, and sometimes show jumping is but one division of very large, all-breed competitions that include a very wide variety of disciplines. Jumping classes may be governed by various national horse show sanctioning organizations, such as the United States Equestrian Federation in the USA. International competitions are governed by the rules of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports.
/m/01dk00	The Grammy Award for Best Country Song has been awarded since 1965. The award is given to the writer of the song.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nFrom 1965 to 1968 it was known as Best Country & Western Song\nFrom 1969 to 1983 it was awarded as Best Country Song\nIn 1984 it was awarded as Best New Country Song\nFrom 1985 to the present it has again been awarded as Best Country Song\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for music released in the previous year. NOTE: Recording artist information is listed for reference only; the vocalist is not credited in the nomination nor do they receive the award in this category unless they were also the writer.
/m/01k98nm	Christopher Cross is an American singer-songwriter from San Antonio, Texas. His debut album earned him five Grammy Awards. He is perhaps best known for his US Top Ten hit songs, \"Sailing\", \"Ride Like the Wind\", and \"Arthur's Theme\", the latter recorded by him for the film Arthur, which starred Dudley Moore. \"Sailing\" earned three Grammys in 1981, while \"Arthur's Theme\" won the Oscar for Best Original Song in 1981.
/m/08pth9	Elisabeth Singleton Moss is an American actor. Her notable roles include Peggy Olson, secretary-turned-copywriter on the AMC series, Mad Men; Zoey Bartlet, the youngest daughter of President Josiah Bartlet, on the NBC television series The West Wing; and Robin Griffin in the miniseries, Top of the Lake, the latter of which won her a Golden Globe and Satellite Awards for Best Actress in a Miniseries and/or TV film.
/m/01ps2h8	Viggo Peter Mortensen, Jr. is an American actor, poet, musician, photographer and painter. He made his film debut in Peter Weir's 1985 thriller Witness, and subsequently appeared in many notable films of the 1990s, including The Indian Runner, Carlito's Way, Crimson Tide, Daylight, The Portrait of a Lady, G.I. Jane, A Perfect Murder, A Walk on the Moon and 28 Days.\nMortensen grew in prominence in the early 2000s with his role as Aragorn in the epic film trilogy The Lord of the Rings. In 2005, Mortensen won critical acclaim for David Cronenberg's crime thriller A History of Violence. Two years later, another Cronenberg film Eastern Promises earned him further critical acclaim. A third teaming with Cronenberg in A Dangerous Method resulted in a Golden Globe Best Supporting Actor nomination. Other well-received films in recent years have included Appaloosa and the 2009 film adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's novel The Road.\nAside from acting, his other artistic pursuits include fine arts, photography, poetry, and music. In 2002, he founded the Perceval Press to publish the works of little-known artists and authors. Mortensen is politically active. He campaigned for Dennis Kucinich in the 2008 United States presidential election.
/m/0k_s5	The Greater Los Angeles Area, or the Southland, is a term used for both the urbanized region and Combined Statistical Area sprawling over five counties in the southern part of California, namely Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino, Riverside, and Ventura counties. Throughout the 20th century, it was one of the fastest-growing regions in the United States, although growth has slowed since 2000. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the Los Angeles metropolitan area had a population of about 12.8 million residents. Meanwhile, the larger metropolitan region's population at the 2010 census was estimated to be over 17.8 million residents, and a 2011 estimate reported a population of about 18.1 million. Either definition makes it the second largest metropolitan region in the country, behind the New York metropolitan area, as well as one of the largest urban agglomerations in the world.\nThe agglomeration of the urbanized Greater Los Angeles area surrounds the urban core of Los Angeles County. The regional term is defined to refer to the more-or-less continuously urbanized area stretching from Ventura County to the southern border of Orange County and from the Pacific Ocean to the Coachella Valley in the Inland Empire. The US Census Bureau defines the Greater Los Angeles area to include the entire Los Angeles county, Ventura County, Orange County and the two counties of the Inland Empire, making up the \"Los Angeles-Long Beach-Riverside, CA\" Combined Statistical Area. However this Census definition includes large, sparsely populated and primarily desert swaths of Los Angeles, San Bernardino and Riverside counties that are not part of the urbanized region. The term \"Greater Los Angeles\" does not include San Diego and Imperial counties, whose urbanized areas are not geographically continuous with the urbanized area surrounding Los Angeles.²²
/m/029m83	Sydney Irwin Pollack was an American film director, producer and actor. Pollack directed more than 21 films and 10 television shows, acted in over 30 films or shows, and produced over 44 films. Some of his best known works include Jeremiah Johnson, The Way We Were, Three Days of the Condor and Absence of Malice. His 1985 film Out of Africa won him Academy Awards for directing and producing; he was also nominated for Best Director Oscars for They Shoot Horses, Don't They? and Tootsie, in the latter of which he also appeared. His later films included Havana, The Firm, Sabrina, The Interpreter, and as producer for and actor in Michael Clayton.
/m/0443c	Jack Roosevelt \"Jackie\" Robinson was an American baseball player who became the first African-American to play in Major League Baseball in the modern era. Robinson broke the baseball color line when the Brooklyn Dodgers started him at first base on April 15, 1947. As the first major league team to play a black man since the 1880s, the Dodgers ended racial segregation that had relegated black players to the Negro leagues for six decades. The example of Robinson's character and unquestionable talent challenged the traditional basis of segregation, which then marked many other aspects of American life, and contributed significantly to the Civil Rights Movement.\nIn addition to his cultural impact, Robinson had an exceptional baseball career. Over 10 seasons, Robinson played in six World Series and contributed to the Dodgers' 1955 World Championship. He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games, from 1949 to 1954, was the recipient of the inaugural MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947, and won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 — the first black player so honored. Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962. In 1997, Major League Baseball \"universally\" retired his uniform number, 42, across all major league teams; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored. Initiated for the first time on April 15, 2004, Major League Baseball has adopted a new annual tradition, \"Jackie Robinson Day\", on which every player on every team wears #42.
/m/0j2pg	Brighton and Hove Albion Football Club is an English football club based in the coastal city of Brighton & Hove, East Sussex. It is often referred to just as Brighton. They currently play in the Football League Championship, the second tier of the English football league system.\nThe team is nicknamed the \"Seagulls\" or \"Albion\". The team has historically played in blue and white stripes, though this changed to all white briefly in the 1970s and again to plain blue during the club's most successful spell in the 1980s. Crystal Palace is considered the club's main rival.\nFounded in 1901, Brighton played their early professional football in the Southern League before being elected to the Football League in 1920. The club enjoyed greatest prominence between 1979 and 1983 when they played in the First Division and reached the 1983 FA Cup Final, losing to Manchester United after a replay. They were relegated from the top division in the same season. Mismanagement brought Brighton close to relegation from the Football League to the Conference which they narrowly avoided in 1997 and 1998. A boardroom takeover saved Brighton from liquidation, and following successive promotions they returned to the second tier of English football in 2002 and have played in the second and third tiers ever since.
/m/03s9kp	The Green Mile is a 1999 American drama film directed by Frank Darabont adapted from the 1996 Stephen King novel of the same name. The film is told in a flashback format and stars Tom Hanks as Paul Edgecomb and Michael Clarke Duncan as John Coffey with supporting roles by David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, and James Cromwell. The film also features Dabbs Greer, in his final film, as the old Paul Edgecomb. The film tells the story of Paul's life as a death row corrections officer during the Great Depression in the United States, and the supernatural events he witnessed.\nThe film was nominated for four Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Michael Clarke Duncan, Best Picture, Best Sound, and Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/0w7c	Acting is the work of an actor or actress, which is a person in theatre, television, film, or any other storytelling medium who tells the story by portraying a character and, usually, speaking or singing the written text or play.\nMost early sources in the West that examine the art of acting discuss it as part of rhetoric.
/m/01_1kk	Paris Saint-Germain Football Club, also known simply as Paris Saint-Germain, is a professional association football club based in Paris, France. It was founded on 12 August 1970, due to the merger of Paris FC and Stade Saint-Germain. PSG has been playing in Ligue 1 since 1974. Les Rouge-et-Bleu have won 3 Ligue 1, 1 Ligue 2, 8 Coupe de France, 3 Coupe de la Ligue, 3 Trophée des Champions, 1 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and 1 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Having won 20 titles, Paris Saint-Germain is the fourth most successful club in France and one of only two French clubs to win a major European club competition.\nThe Parc des Princes has been the home stadium of Paris Saint-Germain since 1974. The Camp des Loges has been operating as a training centre for the club since 1970. The Tournoi de Paris has been hosted by the capital club at the Parc des Princes since 1975. The crest and shirt of Les Parisiens were mainly designed by Daniel Hechter. The crest represents Paris through the Eiffel Tower and Saint-Germain-en-Laye through the fleur-de-lys between the legs of the tower. The shirt is blue with a red central vertical bar framed by white edgings.
/m/0dclg	Philadelphia is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the second largest city on the East Coast of the United States, and the fifth-most-populous city in the United States. It is located in the Northeastern United States at the confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers, and it is the only consolidated city-county in Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 Census, the city had a population of 1,526,006, growing to 1,547,607 in 2012 by Census estimates. Philadelphia is the economic and cultural center of the Delaware Valley, home to over 6 million people and the country's sixth-largest metropolitan area. Within the Delaware Valley, the Philadelphia metropolitan division consists of five counties in Pennsylvania and has a population of 4,008,994. Popular nicknames for Philadelphia are Philly and The City of Brotherly Love, the latter of which comes from the literal meaning of the city's name in Greek.\nIn 1682, William Penn founded the city to serve as capital of Pennsylvania Colony. By the 1750s, Philadelphia had surpassed Boston to become the largest city and busiest port in British America, and second in the British Empire, behind London. During the American Revolution, Philadelphia played an instrumental role as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States, who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and the Constitution in 1787. Philadelphia was one of the nation's capitals during the Revolutionary War, and the city served as the temporary U.S. capital while Washington, D.C., was under construction. During the 19th century, Philadelphia became a major industrial center and railroad hub that grew from an influx of European immigrants. It became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration and surpassed two million occupants by 1950.
/m/0jf1b	Robert Louis “Bob” Fosse was an American actor, dancer, musical theatre choreographer, director, screenwriter, film editor and film director. He won an unprecedented eight Tony Awards for choreography, as well as one for direction. He was nominated for an Academy Award four times, winning for his direction of Cabaret.
/m/02g_6x	A wide receiver is an offensive position in American and Canadian football, and is the key player in most of the passing plays. Only players in the backfield or the ends on the line are eligible to catch a forward pass. The two players who begin play at the ends of the offensive line are eligible receivers, as are all players in the backfield. The backs and ends who are relatively near the sidelines are referred to as \"wide\" receivers. At the start of play, one wide receiver may begin play in the backfield, at least a yard behind the line of scrimmage, as is shown in the diagram at the right. The wide receiver on the right begins play in the backfield. Such positioning allows another player, usually the tight end, to become the eligible receiver on that side of the line. Such positioning defines the strong side of the field. This is the right side of the field in the diagram shown.\nThe wide receiver is a position in American and Canadian football that functions as the pass-catching specialist. Wide receivers are among the fastest and most agile players in the game, and they are frequent highlight-reel favorites. Examples of modern wide receivers include Wes Welker, Larry Fitzgerald, Brandon Marshall, Andre Johnson, Calvin Johnson, Jordy Nelson, A.J. Green, and Julio Jones.
/m/01jfsb	Thriller is a genre of literature, film, and television programming that uses suspense, tension, and excitement as its main elements. Thrillers heavily stimulate the viewer's moods, giving them a high level of anticipation, ultra-heightened expectation, uncertainty, surprise, anxiety and terror. Films of this genre tend to be adrenaline-rushing, gritty, rousing and fast-paced.\nA thriller provides the sudden rush of emotions, excitement, and exhilaration that drive the narrative, sometimes subtly with peaks and lulls, sometimes at a constant, breakneck pace. It keeps the audience on the \"edge of their seats\", akin to a sensation of hanging from a cliff, as the plot builds towards a climax. Literary devices such as red herrings, plot twists, and cliffhangers are used extensively. A thriller is usually a villain-driven plot, whereby he or she presents obstacles that the protagonist must overcome.\nCommon subgenres are psychological thrillers, crime thrillers, erotic thrillers and mystery thrillers. Another common subgenre of thriller is the spy genre which deals with fictional espionage. Successful examples of thrillers are the films of Alfred Hitchcock. The horror and action genres often overlap with the thriller. Thrillers tend to be psychological, threatening, mysterious and at times involve larger-scale villainy such as espionage, terrorism and conspiracy.
/m/0z5vp	Enid is a city in Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States. In 2010, the population was 49,379, making it the ninth largest city in Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Garfield County. Enid was founded during the opening of the Cherokee Outlet in the Land Run of 1893, and is named after Enid, a character in Alfred, Lord Tennyson's Idylls of the King. In 1991, the Oklahoma state legislature designated Enid the \"Purple Martin Capital of Oklahoma.\" Enid holds the nickname of \"Queen Wheat City\" and \"Wheat Capital\" of Oklahoma and the United States for its immense grain storage capacity, and has the third largest grain storage capacity in the world.\nThe economy of Enid is diverse, but its foundation is the oil and gas industry and agriculture.
/m/0bhvtc	Gerald Calvin \"Jerry\" Douglas is an American resonator guitar and lap steel player and record producer.
/m/05xvj	The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball team. They are the oldest continuous, one-name, one-city franchise in all of professional American sports, dating to 1883. The Phillies are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's National League. Since 2004, the team's home has been Citizens Bank Park which is located in South Philadelphia.\nThe Phillies have won two World Series championships and seven National League pennants, the first of which came in 1915. The franchise has also experienced long periods of struggle. Once the modern World Series began in 1903, it took the Phillies 77 years from that point to win their first World Series—longer than any other of the 16 teams that made up the major leagues for the first half of the 20th century. The 77 years of drought is the fourth longest World Series drought in Major League Baseball history. The longevity of the franchise and its history of adversity have earned it the dubious distinction of having lost the most games of any team in the history of American professional sports. Notwithstanding the collectively poor performance over the years, the Phillies have performed much better in recent seasons, winning five consecutive division titles from 2007 through 2011.
/m/0jhn7	The 1996 Summer Olympics, known officially as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad and unofficially as the Centennial Olympics, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, from July 19 to August 4, 1996. A record 197 nations, all current IOC member nations, took part in the Games, comprising 10,318 athletes. The International Olympic Committee voted in 1986 to separate the Summer and Winter Games, which had been held in the same year since 1924, and place them in alternating even-numbered years, beginning in 1994. The 1996 Summer Games were the first to be staged in a different year from the Winter Games. Atlanta became the fifth American city to host the Olympic Games and the third to hold a Summer Olympic Games.
/m/09qv_s	The Screen Actors' Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role is an award presented annually by the Screen Actors Guild to honour the finest male acting achievements in a motion picture in a lead role. The award is presented at a ceremony alongside the other guild awards since the awards inception in 1994.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Actor.\n\"‡\" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
/m/03gjzk	The primary role of a television producer is to oversee all aspects of video production. Some producers take more of an executive role, in that they conceive new programs and pitch them to the television networks, but upon acceptance they focus on business matters, such as budgets and contracts. Other producers are more involved with the day-to-day workings, participating in activities such as screenwriting, set design, casting, and even directing.\nThere are a variety of different producers on a television show. A traditional producer is one who manages a show's budget and maintains a schedule, but this is no longer the case in modern television. Currently, the producer and writer are usually the same person.
/m/06n6p	Social science is an academic discipline concerned with society and the relationships among individuals within a society. It includes anthropology, economics, political science, psychology and sociology. In a wider sense, it may often include some fields in the humanities such as archaeology, history, law, and linguistics. The term may however be used in the specific context of referring to the original science of society, established in 19th century, sociology. Émile Durkheim, Karl Marx and Max Weber are typically cited as the principal architects of modern social science by this definition.\nPositivist social scientists use methods resembling those of the natural sciences as tools for understanding society, and so define science in its stricter modern sense. Interpretivist social scientists, by contrast, may use social critique or symbolic interpretation rather than constructing empirically falsifiable theories, and thus treat science in its broader sense. In modern academic practice, researchers are often eclectic, using multiple methodologies. The term social research has also acquired a degree of autonomy as practitioners from various disciplines share in its aims and methods.
/m/0d4htf	Enchanted is a 2007 American musical fantasy romantic comedy film, produced by Walt Disney Pictures with Barry Sonnenfeld and Josephson Entertainment. Written by Bill Kelly and directed by Kevin Lima, the film stars Amy Adams, Patrick Dempsey, James Marsden, Timothy Spall, Idina Menzel, Rachel Covey, and Susan Sarandon. The plot focuses on Giselle, an archetypal Disney Princess, who is forced from her traditional animated world of Andalasia into the live-action world of New York City. Enchanted was the first Disney film to be distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, instead of Buena Vista Pictures Distribution.\nThe film is both an homage to, and a self-parody of, conventional Walt Disney Animated Classics, making numerous references to Disney's past and future works through the combination of live-action filmmaking, traditional animation and computer-generated imagery. It heralds the return of traditional animation to a Disney feature film after the company's decision to move entirely to computer animation in 2004. Composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, who had written songs for previous Disney films, produced the songs of Enchanted, with Menken also composing its score.
/m/0j43swk	Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American action thriller war film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal. Billed as \"the story of history's greatest manhunt for the world's most dangerous man\", the film dramatizes the decade-long manhunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States. This search eventually leads to the discovery of his compound in Pakistan, and the military raid on it that resulted in his death on May 2, 2011.\nThe film stars Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, Joel Edgerton, Jennifer Ehle, Mark Strong, Kyle Chandler, Édgar Ramírez and James Gandolfini. It was produced by Boal, Bigelow, and Megan Ellison, and was independently financed by Ellison's Annapurna Pictures. The film had its premiere in Los Angeles, California on December 19, 2012 and had its wide release on January 11, 2013.\nZero Dark Thirty received wide critical acclaim, and was nominated for five Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actress, and Best Original Screenplay, winning for Best Sound Editing. Zero Dark Thirty earned four Golden Globe Award nominations, including Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director, winning for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama for Jessica Chastain.
/m/0hnf5vm	The following is a list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Dance Sequence. It was first introduced in 1995. This award was last given out in 2004.
/m/0fpgp26	Ice Age: Continental Drift is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated comedy adventure film directed by Steve Martino and Mike Thurmeier. It was written by Jason Fuchs and Michael Berg, and features the voices of Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Nicki Minaj, Drake, with Jennifer Lopez, and Queen Latifah.\nIt is the fourth installment of the Ice Age series, produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the first sequel in the series not directed by Carlos Saldanha, and the second Ice Age installment that utilises Digital 3D. It was released in the US on July 13, 2012, three to six years after its predecessors The Meltdown and Dawn of the Dinosaurs, and ten years after the release of the original Ice Age. This was the first Ice Age film to be presented in the 2.39:1 aspect ratio.\nDespite receiving mixed reviews from critics, the film became a box office success, with a worldwide gross of over $877 million, marking it the highest grossing animated film of 2012.
/m/02r1c18	A Serious Man is a 2009 dark comedy produced, edited, written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars Michael Stuhlbarg as a Minnesota Jewish man whose life crumbles both professionally and personally, leading him to questions about his faith. The film attracted a positive critical response, including a Golden Globe nomination for Stuhlbarg, a place on both the American Film Institute's and National Board of Review's Top 10 Film Lists of 2009, and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/0138mv	Udinese Calcio is an Italian football club based in Udine, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, and currently plays in the Serie A. Founded in 1896, Udinese is the second oldest club in Italy, after Genoa.\nThe traditional team home kit is black and white striped shirt, black shorts, and white socks. The club plays in the Stadio Friuli, which has a capacity of 41,652. The club also broadcasts on channel 110 on digital terrestrial television in north-east of Italy. It has a large number of fans in Friuli and surrounding areas.
/m/0fy59t	The 13th Academy Awards honored American film achievements in 1940. This was the first year that sealed envelopes were used to keep secret the names of the winners which led to the famous phrase: \"May I have the Envelope, please.\" The accounting firm of Price Waterhouse was hired to count the ballots, after the fiasco of leaked voting results in 1939 by the Los Angeles Times.\nFor the first time, the award for Best Screenplay was split into two separate categories: Best Original Screenplay and Best Adapted Screenplay.\nIndependent producer David O. Selznick, who had produced the previous year's big winner Gone with the Wind, also produced the Best Picture winner in 1940, Rebecca - and campaigned heavily for its win. Selznick was the first to produce two consecutive winners of the Best Picture Oscar. Although Rebecca had eleven nominations, it only won for Best Picture and Best Cinematography, marking the last time a film would win Best Picture but not win for either directing, acting, or writing.\nThe film's studio - United Artists - was the last of the original film studios to win the Best Picture Oscar. Rebecca was the first American-made film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and the only film from him to win Best Picture. Hitchcock actually had two films in the running, for in addition to Rebecca his Foreign Correspondent was also in the running for Best Picture.
/m/05vsxz	Chiwetelu Umeadi \"Chiwetel\" Ejiofor, OBE is a British actor of film, television, and theatre. After enrolling at the National Youth Theatre in 1995, and then subsequently gaining a scholarship to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, aged 19, and only three months into his course, Ejiofor was chosen by Steven Spielberg to play a small part in Amistad as James Covey.\nHe has received numerous acting awards and nominations, including the BAFTA Orange Rising Star Award in 2006, five Golden Globe Award nominations, and the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance in Othello in 2008. In 2008, Ejiofor was presented with an OBE by Queen Elizabeth II for services to the arts. Ejiofor is known for his portrayal of Okwe in Dirty Pretty Things, The Operative in Serenity, Lola in Kinky Boots, Luke in Children of Men, Dr. Adrian Helmsley in 2012 and Solomon Northup in 12 Years a Slave, for which he received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations, along with the BAFTA Award for Best Actor.\nHe is considered \"one of the greatest actors of his generation\", and his performance as Othello has been hailed as the best of his generation.
/m/01z7_f	James Joseph Gandolfini, Jr. was an American actor best known for his role as American Mafia crime boss Tony Soprano in the award-winning HBO series, The Sopranos. Gandolfini garnered praise for his portrayal of Tony Soprano, winning three Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards and one Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series. Gandolfini's other notable roles include the woman-beating Mob henchman Virgil in True Romance, enforcer/stuntman Bear in Get Shorty and as Carol, an impulsive Wild Thing, in Where the Wild Things Are.\nAfter The Sopranos, Gandolfini produced the 2007 documentary Alive Day Memories: Home from Iraq, in which he interviewed ten injured Iraq War veterans. His second documentary Wartorn: 1861–2010, released in 2010, analyzes the impact of posttraumatic stress disorder on soldiers and families through several wars in American history, from 1861 to 2010.
/m/081yw	Washington is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States located north of Oregon, west of Idaho, and south of the Canadian province of British Columbia on the coast of the Pacific Ocean. Named after George Washington, the first President of the United States, the state was made out of the western part of the Washington Territory which had been ceded by Britain in 1846 by the Oregon Treaty as a settlement of the Oregon Boundary Dispute. It was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889.\nWashington is the 18th most extensive and the 13th most populous of the 50 United States. Approximately 60 percent of Washington's residents live in the Seattle metropolitan area, the center of transportation, business, and industry along the Puget Sound region of the Salish Sea, an inlet of the Pacific consisting of numerous islands, deep fjords, and bays carved out by glaciers. The remainder of the state consists of deep rainforests in the west, mountain ranges in the west, central, northeast and far southeast, and a semi-arid basin region in the east, central, and south, given over to intensive agriculture. After California, Washington is the second most populous state on the West Coast and in the Western United States.
/m/05m9f9	Timothy \"Tim\" Van Patten is an American television director, actor, screenwriter, and producer. As a director, Van Patten has directed episodes of The Sopranos, The Wire, Deadwood, Boardwalk Empire, Rome, The Pacific, Game of Thrones, Ed, and Sex and the City. Van Patten is perhaps best known for portraying Salami on The White Shadow. He also played the villainous teenager Peter Stegman in Class of 1984 and Max Keller on The Master.
/m/04hhv	Laos, officially the Lao People's Democratic Republic, is a landlocked country in Southeast Asia, bordered by Burma and China to the northwest, Vietnam to the east, Cambodia to the south, and Thailand to the west. Its population was estimated to be around 6.5 million in 2012. A third of the country's population lives below the international poverty line which means living on less than US$1.25 per day. In 2013, Laos ranked the 138th place on the Human Development Index, indicating that Laos currently only has medium to low development.\nLaos traces its history to the kingdom of Lan Xang, which existed from the 14th to the 18th century when it split into three separate kingdoms. In 1893, it became a French protectorate, with the three kingdoms, Luang Phrabang, Vientiane and Champasak, uniting to form what is now known as Laos. It briefly gained independence in 1945 after Japanese occupation, but returned to French rule until it was granted autonomy in 1949. Laos became independent in 1953, with a constitutional monarchy under Sisavang Vong. Shortly after independence, a long civil war ended the monarchy, when the Communist Pathet Lao movement came to power in 1975.
/m/02kxjx	The Western Front of the European Theatre of World War II encompassed Denmark, Norway, Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, France, and Western Germany. World War II military engagements in Southern Europe and elsewhere are generally considered under separate headings. The Western Front was marked by two phases of large-scale combat operations. The first phase saw the capitulation of the Netherlands, Belgium and France during May and June 1940 after their defeat in the Low Countries and the northern half of France, and continued into an air war between Germany and Britain that climaxed with the Battle of Britain. The second phase consisted of large-scale ground combat, which began in June 1944 with the Allied landings in Normandy and continued until the defeat of Germany in May 1945.\nAlthough the majority of German military deaths occurred on the Eastern Front, German losses on the Western Front were almost irreplaceable, because most of Germany's resources were being allocated to the Eastern Front. This meant that, while losses there could be replaced to some extent, very few replacements or reinforcements were being sent to the west to stop the advance of the Western Allies. The Normandy landings was a tremendous psychological blow to the German military and its leaders, who had feared a repetition of the two-front war of World War I.
/m/01kf3_9	Moonraker is the eleventh spy film in the James Bond series, and the fourth to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The third and final film in the series to be directed by Lewis Gilbert, it co-stars Lois Chiles, Michael Lonsdale, Corinne Cléry, and Richard Kiel. Bond investigates the theft of a space shuttle, leading him to Hugo Drax, the owner of the shuttle's manufacturing firm. Along with space scientist Dr. Holly Goodhead, Bond follows the trail from California to Venice, Rio de Janeiro, and the Amazon rainforest, and finally into outer space to prevent a plot to wipe out the world population and to re-create humanity with a master race.\nMoonraker was intended by its creator Ian Fleming to become a film even before he completed the novel in 1954, since he based it on a screenplay manuscript he had written even earlier. The film's producers had originally intended to film For Your Eyes Only, but instead chose this title due to the rise of the science fiction genre in the wake of the Star Wars phenomenon. Budgetary issues caused the film to be primarily shot in France, with locations also in Italy, Brazil, Guatemala and the United States. The soundstages of Pinewood Studios in England, traditionally used for the series, were only used by the special effects team.
/m/0287477	Wanted is a 2008 action film which is very loosely based on the comic book miniseries of the same name by Mark Millar. The film is directed by Timur Bekmambetov and stars James McAvoy, Morgan Freeman, Thomas Kretschmann, Terence Stamp, Angelina Jolie and Konstantin Khabensky. The storyline follows Wesley Gibson, a frustrated office worker who discovers that he is the son of a professional assassin and decides to join the entity in which he used to work, a secret guild called The Fraternity.
/m/099c8n	The Critics Choice Award for Best Picture is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/01vxxb	William George \"Billy\" Zane, Jr. is an American actor and producer.\nHe is best known for playing Kit Walker / The Phantom in The Phantom, Caledon Hockley in Titanic, Hughie in Dead Calm, John Wheeler in Twin Peaks and Mr. E in CQ.
/m/09cpb	Dorset, is a county in South West England on the English Channel coast. The ceremonial county comprises the non-metropolitan county, which is governed by Dorset County Council, and the unitary authorities of Poole and Bournemouth. Covering an area of 2,653 square kilometres, Dorset borders Devon to the west, Somerset to the north-west, Wiltshire to the north-east, and Hampshire to the east. The county town is Dorchester which is situated in the south. After the reorganisation of local government in 1974 the county's border was extended eastward to incorporate the Hampshire towns of Bournemouth and Christchurch. Around half of the population lives in the South East Dorset conurbation, while the rest of the county is largely rural with a low population density.\nThe county has a long history of human settlement stretching back to the Neolithic era. The Romans conquered Dorset's indigenous Celtic tribe, and during the early Middle Ages, the Saxons settled the area and made Dorset a shire in the 7th century. The first recorded Viking raid on the British Isles occurred in Dorset during the 8th century and the black death entered England at Melcombe Regis in 1348. Dorset has seen much civil unrest: during the English Civil War an uprising of vigilantes was crushed by Cromwell's forces in a pitched battle near Shaftesbury; the Duke of Monmouth's doomed rebellion began at Lyme Regis; and a group of farm labourers from Tolpuddle were instrumental in the formation of the trade union movement. During the Second World War, Dorset was heavily involved in the preparations for the invasion of Normandy and the large harbours of Portland and Poole were two of the main embarkation points on D-Day.
/m/06mvq	Swedes are a nation and ethnic group native to Sweden, mostly inhabiting Sweden and the other Nordic countries, with descendants living in a number of countries.
/m/0r5y9	San Mateo is a city in San Mateo County, California in the high-tech enclave of Silicon Valley in the San Francisco Bay Area. With a population of 97,207 as of the 2010 census, it is one of the larger suburbs on the San Francisco Peninsula, located between Burlingame to the north, Foster City to the east, Belmont to the south, and Highlands-Baywood Park and Hillsborough to the west. San Mateo was incorporated in 1894.
/m/0165b	Bermuda, in full The Islands of Bermuda, also referred to as the Bermudas or the Somers Isles, is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean, located off the southeast coast of the United States. Its nearest landmass is Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, about 1,030 kilometres to the west-northwest. It is about 1,239 kilometres south of Cape Sable Island, Nova Scotia, and 1,770 kilometres northeast of Miami. Its capital city is Hamilton.\nThe first known European to discover Bermuda was Spanish sea captain Juan de Bermúdez in 1503, after whom the islands are named. He claimed the apparently uninhabited islands for the Spanish Empire. Although he paid two visits to the archipelago, Bermúdez never landed on the islands, because he did not want to risk crossing over the dangerous reef surrounding them. Subsequent Spanish or other European parties are believed to have released pigs there, which had become feral and abundant on the island by the time European settlement began. In 1609, the English Virginia Company, which had established Virginia and Jamestown on the North American continent two years earlier, established a settlement. It was founded in the aftermath of a hurricane, when the crew of the sinking Sea Venture steered the ship onto the reef so they could get ashore.
/m/07_l6	The viola is a bowed string instrument. It is slightly larger than a violin in size and has a deeper sound. Since the 18th century it has been the middle voice of the violin family, between the violin and the cello.
/m/0qb0j	Shandong, is a coastal province of the People's Republic of China, and is part of the East China region.\nShandong has played a major role in Chinese history from the beginning of Chinese civilization along the lower reaches of the Yellow River and served as a pivotal cultural and religious site for Taoism, Chinese Buddhism, and Confucianism. Shandong's Mount Tai is the most revered mountain of Taoism and one of the world's sites with the longest history of continuous religious worship. The Buddhist temples in the mountains to the south of the provincial capital of Jinan were once among the foremost Buddhist sites in China. The city of Qufu is the birthplace of Confucius, and was later established as the center of Confucianism. Shandong's location at the intersection of ancient as well as modern north-south and east-west trading routes have helped to establish it as an economic center. After a period of political instability and economic hardship that began in the late 19th century, Shandong has emerged as one of the most populous and most affluent provinces in the People's Republic of China.
/m/03f3yfj	Brandy Rayana Norwood, also known as Brandy or Bran'Nu, is an American recording artist and entertainer. Born into a musical family in McComb, Mississippi raised in Carson, California, she enrolled in performing arts schools as a child and performed as a backing vocalist for teen groups. In 1993, Norwood appeared in a supporting role on the short-lived ABC sitcom Thea and signed with Atlantic Records. The following year, she released her self-titled debut album; singles \"I Wanna Be Down\" and \"Baby\" peaked atop the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart. Norwood starred in the UPN sitcom Moesha as the title character, which lasted six seasons and resulted in roles in the 1998 horror sequel, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, and the TV films Cinderella and Double Platinum. She resumed her music career in 1998 with the widely successful duet with Monica, \"The Boy Is Mine\", and her second album, Never Say Never.\nThroughout the 2000s, Norwood experienced career and commercial turbulence. In 2002, she starred in the reality series Brandy: Special Delivery. Her third and fourth albums, Full Moon and Afrodisiac, were released to critical success. She served as a judge on the first season of America's Got Talent before being involved in a widely-publicized car accident in 2006. After several lawsuits stemming from the accident, Norwood's fifth album Human was released in 2008. In 2010, she returned to television as a contestant on the eleventh season of Dancing with the Stars and starred in the reality series Brandy & Ray J: A Family Business with younger brother Ray J. In 2011, she began a recurring role on Drop Dead Diva and released her sixth album, Two Eleven, the following year.
/m/07fsv	Tuvalu, formerly known as the Ellice Islands, is a Polynesian island nation located in the Pacific Ocean, midway between Hawaii and Australia. It comprises three reef islands and six true atolls spread out between the latitude of 5° to 10° south and longitude of 176° to 180°, west of the International Date Line. Tuvalu's Exclusive Economic Zone covers an oceanic area of approximately 900,000 km². Its nearest neighbours are Kiribati, Nauru, Samoa and Fiji. Its population of 10,837 makes it the third-least populous sovereign state in the world, with only the Vatican City and Nauru having fewer inhabitants. In terms of physical land size, at just 26 square kilometres Tuvalu is the fourth smallest country in the world, larger only than the Vatican City at 0.44 km², Monaco at 1.98 km², and Nauru at 21 km².\nThe first inhabitants of Tuvalu were Polynesians. In 1568 Spanish navigator Álvaro de Mendaña sailed through the islands and is understood to have sighted Nui during his expedition in search of Terra Australis. In 1819 the island of Funafuti was named Ellice's Island; the name Ellice was applied to all nine islands after the work of English hydrographer Alexander George Findlay. The islands came under Britain's sphere of influence in the late 19th century, when each of the Ellice Islands was declared a British protectorate by Captain Gibson R.N., of HMS Curacoa, between 9 and 16 October 1892. The Ellice Islands were administered as British protectorate by a Resident Commissioner from 1892 to 1916 as part of the British Western Pacific Territories, and later as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands colony from 1916 to 1974.
/m/0bq0p9	The British Raj was the British rule in the Indian subcontinent between 1858 and 1947. The term can also refer to the period of dominion. The region under British control, commonly called India in contemporary usage, included areas directly administered by the United Kingdom as well as the princely states ruled by individual rulers under the paramountcy of the British Crown. The region was less commonly also called the Indian Empire. As India, it was a founding member of the League of Nations, a participating nation in the Summer Olympics in 1900, 1920, 1928, 1932, and 1936, and a founding member of the United Nations in San Francisco in 1945.\nThe system of governance was instituted in 1858, when the rule of the British East India Company was transferred to the Crown in the person of Queen Victoria, and lasted until 1947, when the British Indian Empire was partitioned into two sovereign dominion states, the Union of India and the Dominion of Pakistan. At the inception of the Raj in 1858, Lower Burma was already a part of British India; Upper Burma was added in 1886, and the resulting union, Burma, was administered as a province until 1937, when it became a separate British colony, gaining its own independence in 1948.
/m/04cf_l	Jackass: The Movie is a 2002 American reality film directed by Jeff Tremaine with the tagline \"Do not attempt this at home.\" It is a continuation of the stunts and pranks by the various characters of the MTV television series Jackass, which had completed its unique series run by this time. The film was produced by MTV Films and Dickhouse Productions and released by Paramount Pictures.\nThe show features all of the original Jackass cast, including the leader Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Chris Pontius, Dave England, Bam Margera, Preston Lacy, Ryan Dunn, Ehren McGhehey and Jason \"Wee Man\" Acuña. Brandon DiCamillo and Raab Himself also appear but not as frequently as in the show.\nOther regular Jackass personalities who made appearances include Rake Yohn, Manny Puig, Phil Margera, and April Margera. In addition, Rip Taylor, Henry Rollins, Spike Jonze, boxing star Butterbean, Mat Hoffman, and Tony Hawk make cameo appearances. An unrated version of the film was released in 2006 and clocked in at 91 minutes long.
/m/02lf70	Lorraine Bracco is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Dr. Jennifer Melfi on the HBO series The Sopranos and as Karen Hill in the 1990 Martin Scorsese film Goodfellas. She currently appears as Angela Rizzoli on the TNT series Rizzoli & Isles.
/m/01qtj9	The Canton of Bern is the second largest of the 26 Swiss cantons by both surface area and population. Located in west-central Switzerland, it borders the Canton of Jura and the Canton of Solothurn to the north. To the west lie the Canton of Neuchâtel, the Canton of Fribourg and Vaud. To the south lies the Valais. East of the canton of Bern lie the cantons of Uri, Nidwalden, Obwalden, Lucerne and Aargau.\nThe canton of Bern is bilingual and has a population of 992,617. As of 2007, the population included 119,930 foreigners. The cantonal capital, also the federal capital of Switzerland, is Bern.
/m/0h0wc	Meryl Streep is an American actress of theater, television, and film. She is widely regarded as one of the best living American film actresses.\nStreep made her professional stage debut in The Playboy of Seville, before her screen debut in the television movie The Deadliest Season. In that same year, she made her film debut in Julia. Both critical and commercial success came quickly with roles in The Deer Hunter and Kramer vs. Kramer followed by, among others, Sophie's Choice, Out of Africa, Mamma Mia!, Julie & Julia, The Iron Lady, and August: Osage County.\nStreep has received 18 Academy Award nominations, winning three, and 28 Golden Globe nominations, winning eight, more nominations than any other actor in the history of either award. Her work has also earned her two Emmy Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Cannes Film Festival award, five New York Film Critics Circle Awards, two BAFTA awards, two Australian Film Institute awards, five Grammy Award nominations, and a Tony Award nomination, among several others. She was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2004 and the Kennedy Center Honor in 2011 for her contribution to American culture through performing arts, the youngest actor in each award's history. President Barack Obama awarded her the 2010 National Medal of Arts.
/m/07zhjj	How I Met Your Mother is an American sitcom that premiered on CBS on September 19, 2005. The series follows the main character, Ted Mosby, and his group of friends in Manhattan. As a framing device, Ted, in the year 2030, recounts to his son and daughter the events that led him to meeting their mother.\nThe show was created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays, who also serve as the show's executive producers and frequent writers. The series was loosely inspired by their friendship when they both lived in New York City. Among the 184 episodes in the show's first 8 seasons, there were only four directors: Pamela Fryman, Rob Greenberg, Michael Shea, and Neil Patrick Harris.\nKnown for its unique structure and eccentric humor, How I Met Your Mother has received positive reviews throughout most of its run and has gained a cult following over the years. The show has been nominated for 28 Emmy Awards, winning nine. In 2010, Alyson Hannigan won the People's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress. In 2012, seven years after its premiere, the series won the People's Choice Award for Favorite Network TV Comedy, and Neil Patrick Harris won the award for Favorite TV Comedy Actor.
/m/01jsk6	Boston College is a private Jesuit research university located in the village of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, USA. It has 9,100 full-time undergraduates and almost 5,000 graduate students. The university's name reflects its early history as a liberal arts college and preparatory school in Boston's South End. It is a member of the 568 Group and the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. Its main campus is a historic district and features some of the earliest examples of collegiate gothic architecture in North America.\nBoston College's undergraduate program is currently ranked 31st in the National Universities ranking by U.S. News & World Report. Boston College is categorized as a research university with high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Students at the university earned 21 Fulbright Awards in 2012, ranking the school eighth among American research institutions. At $1.809 billion, Boston College has the 41st largest university endowment in North America, and the largest endowment of all Jesuit colleges and universities.\nBoston College offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees through its nine schools and colleges: College of Arts & Sciences, Boston College Graduate School of Arts & Sciences, Carroll School of Management, Lynch School of Education, Connell School of Nursing, Boston College Graduate School of Social Work, Boston College Law School, Boston College School of Theology and Ministry, Woods College of Advancing Studies.
/m/01x5fb	Royal Holloway, University of London is a constituent college of the University of London. The college has three faculties, 18 academic departments, and about 9,000 undergraduate and postgraduate students from over 100 different countries. The campus is located slightly west of Egham, Surrey, within the boundary of the Greater London Urban Area, although outside of the M25 motorway and some 19 miles from the geographic centre of London.\nThe Egham campus was founded in 1879 by the Victorian entrepreneur and philanthropist Thomas Holloway. Royal Holloway College was officially opened in 1886 by Queen Victoria. Royal Holloway College became a member of the University of London in 1900. In 1945, the college began admitting male postgraduate students, and in 1965, male undergraduates. In 1985, Royal Holloway College merged with Bedford College. The merged college was named Royal Holloway and Bedford New College, this remaining the official registered name of the college by Act of Parliament. The campus is dominated by the Founder's Building, a Grade I listed red-brick building modelled on the Château de Chambord in the Loire Valley, France.
/m/016cjb	Gospel music is a music genre. The creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies according to culture and social context. Gospel music is composed and performed for many purposes, including aesthetic pleasure, religious or ceremonial purposes, and as an entertainment product for the marketplace.
/m/02x4sn8	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Screenplay is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/012g92	Isabelle Anne Madeleine Huppert is a French actress who has appeared in more than 90 film and television productions since 1971. She has appeared in 14 films that have been in the official competition at the Cannes Film Festival, and won the Best Actress Award twice, for Violette Nozière and La pianiste. She is also the most nominated actress for the César Award, with 14 nominations. She won a César Award for Best Actress in 1996 for her performance in La Cérémonie.
/m/03cd0x	Catwoman is a 2004 American superhero film directed by Pitof Comar and stars Halle Berry, Sharon Stone, Benjamin Bratt, Lambert Wilson, Frances Conroy and Alex Borstein. The film is loosely based on the DC Comics character of the same name, who is traditionally an anti-heroine and love interest of the superhero Batman. The plot features a completely new character, Patience Phillips, taking the Catwoman name, and viewing the traditional Catwoman as a historical figure. The film was poorly received by critics and audiences and is commonly listed as one of the worst films ever made.
/m/02zyy4	Michael Søren Madsen is an American actor, poet and photographer. He has appeared in more than 150 films, most of them small independent films, though he has starred in central roles in such films as Reservoir Dogs, Free Willy, Piranhaconda, Donnie Brasco and Kill Bill, in addition to a supporting role in Sin City. Madsen is also credited with voice work in several video games, including Grand Theft Auto III, True Crime: Streets of L.A., DRIV3R, Dishonored and Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. In January 2012, Madsen was a housemate in the British reality show Celebrity Big Brother 9.
/m/049mr	Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V., known by its initials KLM, is the flag carrier airline of the Netherlands. KLM's headquarters is in Amstelveen near its hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. KLM operates scheduled passenger and cargo services to more than 90 destinations worldwide. It is the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name. As of 31 March 2010 it had 31,787 employees.\nThe merger of KLM with Air France in May 2004 formed the Air France-KLM Group, which is incorporated under French law with headquarters at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. Both Air France and KLM continue to fly under their distinct brand names as subsidiaries of the group. Air France and KLM are part of the SkyTeam alliance, the second largest in the world behind only Delta Air Lines
/m/043tz8m	The Oklahoma State Cowboys football program represents Oklahoma State University–Stillwater in college football. The team is a member of the Big 12 Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level. The Cowboys are led by Mike Gundy, who is in his seventh year as head coach. Oklahoma State plays their home games at Boone Pickens Stadium in Stillwater, Oklahoma.
/m/0d6lp	San Francisco, officially the City and County of San Francisco, is the leading financial and cultural center of Northern California and the San Francisco Bay Area.\nThe only consolidated city-county in California, San Francisco encompasses a land area of about 46.9 square miles on the northern end of the San Francisco Peninsula, giving it a density of about 17,620 people per square mile. It is the most densely settled large city in the state of California and the second-most densely populated major city in the United States after New York City. San Francisco is the fourth most populous city in California, after Los Angeles, San Diego and San Jose, and the 14th most populous city in the United States—with a Census-estimated 2012 population of 825,863. The city is also the financial and cultural hub of the larger San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland combined statistical area, with a population of 8.4 million.\nSan Francisco was founded on June 29, 1776, when colonists from Spain established a fort at the Golden Gate and a mission named for St. Francis of Assisi a few miles away. The California Gold Rush of 1849 brought rapid growth, making it the largest city on the West Coast at the time. Due to the growth of its population, San Francisco became a consolidated city-county in 1856. After three-quarters of the city was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and fire, San Francisco was quickly rebuilt, hosting the Panama-Pacific International Exposition nine years later. During World War II, San Francisco was the port of embarkation for service members shipping out to the Pacific Theater. After the war, the confluence of returning servicemen, massive immigration, liberalizing attitudes, and other factors led to the Summer of Love and the gay rights movement, cementing San Francisco as a center of liberal activism in the United States.
/m/013rfk	The Cult are a British rock band formed in 1983. They gained a dedicated following in Britain in the mid-1980s as a post-punk band with singles such as \"She Sells Sanctuary\", before breaking mainstream in the United States in the late 1980s as a hard rock band with singles such as \"Love Removal Machine\" and \"Fire Woman\". The band fuse a \"heavy metal revivalist\" sound with the \"pseudo-mysticism ... of The Doors [and] the guitar-orchestrations of Led Zeppelin ... while adding touches of post-punk goth rock\". Since their earliest form in Bradford during 1981, the band have had various line-ups; the longest-serving members are vocalist Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy, the band's two songwriters.\nAfter moving to London, the band released the album Love in 1985, which charted at No. 4 in the United Kingdom, and which included singles such as \"She Sells Sanctuary\" and \"Rain\". In the late 1980s, the band supplemented their post-punk sound with hard rock in their third album, Electric; the polish on this new sound was facilitated by Rick Rubin, who produced the record. Their fourth album, Sonic Temple, proceeded in a similar vein, and these two LPs enabled them to break into the North American market.
/m/02w9895	Siobhan Finneran is an English television and film actress.
/m/0c8tk	Chennai is the capital city of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Located on the Coromandel Coast off the Bay of Bengal, it is the biggest industrial and commercial centre in South India, and a major cultural, economic and educational centre as well.\nThe area around Chennai had been part of successive South Indian kingdoms for many centuries. The recorded history of the city began in the colonial times, specifically with the arrival of British East India Company and the establishment of Fort St. George in 1644. The British defended several attacks from the French colonial forces, and from the kingdom of Mysore, on Chennai's way to becoming a major naval port and presidency city by the late eighteenth century. Following the independence of India, Chennai became the capital of Madras State and subsequently Tamil Nadu, and an important centre of regional politics based on the Dravidian identity of the populace.\nAccording to the provisional results of 2011 census, the city had 4.68 million residents, making it the sixth most populous city in India; the urban agglomeration, which comprises the city and its suburbs, was home to approximately 8.9 million, making it the fourth most populous metropolitan area in the country and 31st largest urban area in the world. Chennai's economy has a broad industrial base in the automobile, computer, technology, hardware manufacturing and healthcare sectors. As of 2012, the city is India's second largest exporter of information technology and business process outsourcing services. A major part of India's automobile industry is based in and around the city thus earning it the nickname \"Detroit of India\". It is known as the Cultural Capital of South India.
/m/0kfpm	The Mary Tyler Moore Show is an American television sitcom created by James L. Brooks and Allan Burns that aired on CBS from 1970 to 1977. The program was a television breakthrough, with the first never-married, independent career woman as the central character: \"As Mary Richards, a single woman in her thirties, Moore presented a character different from other single TV women of the time. She was not widowed or divorced or seeking a man to support her.\"\nIt has also been cited as \"one of the most acclaimed television programs ever produced\" in US television history. It received high praise from critics, including Emmy Awards for Outstanding Comedy Series three years in a row, and continued to be honored long after the final episode aired.
/m/09qvc0	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series.
/m/02clgg	Wayne Eliot Knight is an American actor, comedian, and voice actor best known for his roles as Newman in the TV sitcom Seinfeld and Officer Don Orville in 3rd Rock from the Sun. His other prominent roles include Dennis Nedry in Jurassic Park, Stan Podolak in Space Jam, Al McWhiggin in Toy Story 2, Tantor in Tarzan, Zack Mallozzi in Rat Race, Mr. Blik in Catscratch, and Haskell Lutz in The Exes.
/m/0d0x8	Georgia is a state located in the southeastern United States. It was established in 1732, the last of the original Thirteen Colonies. Named after King George II of Great Britain, Georgia was the fourth state to ratify the United States Constitution, on January 2, 1788. It declared its secession from the Union on January 19, 1861, and was one of the original seven Confederate states. It was the last state to be restored to the Union, on July 15, 1870. Georgia is the 24th most extensive and the 8th most populous of the 50 United States. From 2007 to 2008, 14 of Georgia's counties ranked among the nation's 100 fastest-growing, second only to Texas. Georgia is known as the Peach State and the Empire State of the South. Atlanta is the state's capital and its most populous city.\nGeorgia is bordered on the south by Florida; on the east by the Atlantic Ocean and South Carolina; on the west by Alabama; and on the north by Tennessee and North Carolina. The northern part of the state is in the Blue Ridge Mountains, a mountain range in the Appalachian Mountain system. The central Piedmont extends from the foothills to the fall line, where the rivers cascade down in elevation to the continental coastal plain of the southern part of the state. The highest point in Georgia is Brasstown Bald, 4,784 feet; the lowest point is the Atlantic Ocean. Georgia is the largest state east of the Mississippi River in land area, although it is the fourth largest in total area, including expanses of water that are part of state territory.
/m/07tg4	The University of Cambridge is a collegiate research university in Cambridge, England.\nOriginally founded in 1209, it is the second-oldest university in English-speaking areas, and the world's third-oldest surviving university. The university grew out of an association of scholars that was formed in 1209, early records suggest, by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk. The two \"ancient universities\" have many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge.\nToday, Cambridge is formed from a variety of institutions that include 31 constituent colleges and comprehensive academic departments which are organised into six Schools. All these organisations occupy different locations in the town including purposely-built sites and the student life is found in the arts, sport clubs and societies. It has nurtured many notable alumni, and 90 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the University. Cambridge is also a member of various academic associations and forms part of the \"golden triangle\" of English universities. It is regularly placed among the world's best universities in different league tables.
/m/03_d0	Jazz is a music genre that originated at the beginning of the 20th century, arguably earlier, within the African-American communities of the Southern United States. Its roots lie in the combining by African-Americans of certain European harmony and form elements, with their existing African-based music. Its African musical basis is evident in its use of blue notes, improvisation, polyrhythms, syncopation and the swung note. From its early development until the present day, jazz has also incorporated elements from popular music especially, in its early days, from American popular music.\nAs the music has developed and spread around the world it has, since its early American beginnings, drawn on many different national, regional and local musical cultures, giving rise to many distinctive styles: New Orleans jazz dating from the early 1910s, big band swing, Kansas City jazz and Gypsy jazz from the 1930s and 1940s, bebop from the mid-1940s on down through Afro-Cuban jazz, West Coast jazz, ska jazz, cool jazz, Indo jazz, avant-garde jazz, soul jazz, modal jazz, chamber jazz, free jazz, Latin jazz in various forms, smooth jazz, jazz fusion and jazz rock, jazz funk, loft jazz, punk jazz, acid jazz, ethno jazz, jazz rap, cyber jazz, M-Base, nu jazz and other ways of playing the music.
/m/015_30	Neil Leslie Diamond is an American singer-songwriter with a career that began in the 1960s. Diamond has sold over 125 million records worldwide. He is the third most successful adult contemporary artist on the Billboard charts behind Barbra Streisand and Elton John. His songs have been covered internationally by many performers from various musical genres.\nNeil Diamond was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2011. Additionally, he received the Sammy Cahn Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000 and in 2011 was an honoree at Kennedy Center. On the Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts, he has had ten #1 singles: \"Cracklin' Rosie\", \"Song Sung Blue\", \"Longfellow Serenade\", \"I've Been This Way Before\", \"If You Know What I Mean\", \"Desiree\", \"You Don't Bring Me Flowers\", \"America\", \"Yesterday's Songs\", \"Heartlight\" and \"I'm a Believer\". He continues to record and release new material and maintains an extensive touring schedule as well.
/m/05pcn59	This is a following list for the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Kiss. Kristen Stewart & Robert Pattinson won for \"The Twilight Saga films\" in four consecutive years.
/m/0r5wt	Redwood City is a California charter city located on the San Francisco Peninsula in Northern California, approximately 27 miles south of San Francisco, and 24 mi north of San Jose. Redwood City's history spans from its earliest inhabitation by the Ohlone people, to its tradition as a port for lumber and other goods, to its place as the county seat of San Mateo County. Today the city is known as the home of several technology companies such as Oracle and Electronic Arts. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 76,815. The Port of Redwood City is the only deepwater port on San Francisco Bay south of San Francisco.
/m/044mrh	Daniel Dae Kim is an American actor, born in South Korea. He is best known for his roles as Jin-Soo Kwon in Lost, Chin Ho Kelly in Hawaii Five-0, and Johnny Gat in the Saints Row series of video games.
/m/01w5m	Columbia University in the City of New York, commonly referred to as Columbia University, is an American private Ivy League research university located in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Upper Manhattan in New York City. It is the oldest institution of higher learning in the State of New York, the fifth oldest in the United States, and one of the country's nine Colonial Colleges founded before the American Revolution. Today the university operates Columbia Global Centers overseas in Amman, Beijing, Istanbul, Paris, Mumbai, Rio de Janeiro, Santiago and Nairobi.\nThe university was founded in 1754 as King's College by royal charter of George II of Great Britain. After the American Revolutionary War, King's College briefly became a state entity, and was renamed Columbia College in 1784. The University now operates under a 1787 charter that places the institution under a private board of trustees, and in 1896 it was further renamed Columbia University. That same year, the university's campus was moved from Madison Avenue to its current location in Morningside Heights, where it occupies more than six city blocks, or 32 acres. The university encompasses twenty schools and is affiliated with numerous institutions, including Teachers College, Barnard College, and the Union Theological Seminary, with joint undergraduate programs available through the Jewish Theological Seminary of America as well as the Juilliard School.
/m/0c1j_	Roseann \"Rosie\" O'Donnell is an American comedian, actress, author and television personality. She has also been a magazine editor and continues to be a celebrity blogger, LGBT rights activist, television producer and collaborative partner in the LGBT family vacation company R Family Vacations.\nO'Donnell started her comedy career while still a teenager and her big break was on the talent show Star Search in 1984. A TV sitcom and a series of movies introduced her to a larger national audience and in 1996 she started hosting The Rosie O'Donnell Show, which won multiple Emmy awards.\nDuring her years on The Rosie O'Donnell Show, she wrote her first book, a memoir called Find Me, and developed the nickname \"Queen of Nice\" as well as a reputation for philanthropic efforts. She used the book's $3 million advance to establish her own For All Kids foundation and promoted other charity projects encouraging other celebrities on her show to also take part. O'Donnell came out, stating \"I'm a dyke!\" two months before finishing her talk show run, saying that her primary reason was to bring attention to gay adoption issues. O'Donnell is a foster—and adoptive—mother. She was made \"Person of the Year\" in her cover-story interview in The Advocate with an in-depth interview by the magazine's Editor in Chief, Judy Wieder. Since coming out, she has continued to support many LGBT causes and issues.
/m/04sry	Martin Charles Scorsese is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, and film historian. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest directors of all time. In 1990 he founded The Film Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to film preservation, and in 2007 he founded the World Cinema Foundation. He is a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award for his contributions to the cinema, and has won an Academy Award, a Palme d'Or, Cannes Film Festival Best Director Award, Silver Lion, Grammy Award, Emmys, Golden Globes, BAFTAs, and DGA Awards.\nScorsese's body of work addresses such themes as Italian American identity, Roman Catholic concepts of guilt and redemption, machismo, modern crime and gang conflict. Many of his films are also notable for their depiction of violence and liberal use of profanity. Hailed as one of the most significant and influential filmmakers in cinema history, Scorsese has directed landmark films such as Mean Streets, Taxi Driver, Raging Bull, and Goodfellas – all of which he collaborated on with actor and close friend Robert De Niro. He won the Academy Award for Best Director for The Departed. With eight Best Director nominations to date, he is tied with Billy Wilder. Since Gangs of New York, Scorsese has also been noted for his collaborations with actor Leonardo DiCaprio.
/m/015y2q	Pune is the eighth largest metropolis in India and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra. It is situated 560 metres above sea level on the Deccan plateau at the right bank of the Mutha river. Pune city is the administrative headquarters of Pune district and was once the centre of power of the Maratha Empire.\nPune is known to have existed as a town since 847 AD. It was the first capital of the Maratha Empire under Chhatrapati Shivaji Raje Bhosale. In the 18th century, Pune became the political centre of Indian subcontinent, as the seat of Maratha Peshwas who were the prime ministers of the Maratha Empire.\nPune is the cultural capital of Maharashtra. Since the 1950-60s, Pune has had traditional old-economy industries which continue to grow. The city is now also known for Manufacturing, Automobile, Government & Private sector Research Institutes, Information technology and Educational, Management,Training institutes that attract migrants, students and Professionals not only from India but also students from South east Asia, Middle East and African countries.
/m/0dc_ms	Hellboy is a 2004 American supernatural superhero film, starring Ron Perlman and directed by Guillermo del Toro. The film is based on the Dark Horse Comics graphic novel Hellboy: Seed of Destruction by Mike Mignola. It was produced by Revolution Studios, and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film is about a demonic beast known as Hellboy who secretly works to keep the world safe from paranormal threats.\nReleased in the spring of 2004, it grossed $59 million at the United States box office, and $99 million worldwide and was favorably received by critics. A sequel, Hellboy II: The Golden Army, was released on July 11, 2008.
/m/049mql	Alexander is a 2004 epic historical drama film based on the life of Alexander the Great. It was directed by Oliver Stone, with Colin Farrell in the title role. The film was an original screenplay based in part on the book Alexander the Great, written in the 1970s by the University of Oxford historian Robin Lane Fox.\nThe film received generally negative reviews upon its release and failed in the American box office. It grossed only US$34 million domestically, while costing $155 million to produce. However, it did better internationally in recovering its losses, grossing a total of $132 million in overseas revenue.\nFour versions of the film exist, the initial theatrical cut and three home video director's cuts: the \"Director's Cut\" in 2005, the \"Final Cut\" in 2007 and the forthcoming \"Ultimate Cut\" in 2014. The two earlier DVD versions of Alexander sold over 3.5 million copies in the United States. Oliver Stone's third version, Alexander Revisited: The Final Cut has sold close to one million copies and became one of the highest-selling catalog items from Warner Bros.
/m/0gndh	The Lives of a Bengal Lancer is a 1935 American adventure film loosely adapted from the 1930 book of the same name by Francis Yeats-Brown. The plot of the movie, which bears little resemblance to Yeats-Brown's memoir, concerns British soldiers defending the borders of India against rebellious natives. It stars Gary Cooper, Franchot Tone, Richard Cromwell, and Douglass Dumbrille. The film was directed by Henry Hathaway and written by Grover Jones, William Slavens McNutt, Waldemar Young, John L. Balderston and Achmed Abdullah.\nThe film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Picture.
/m/04pbhw	A superhero film, superhero movie, or superhero motion picture is a film that is focused on the actions of one or more superheroes; individuals who usually possess superhuman abilities relative to a normal person and are dedicated to protecting the public. These films typically feature action, fantasy and/or science fiction elements, with the first film of a particular character often includes a focus on the origin of the special powers including the first fight against the character's most famous supervillain, or archenemy.\nMost superhero movies are based on comic books. By contrast, several films such as the RoboCop series, The Meteor Man, The Incredibles, and Hancock are original for the screen, while The Green Hornet is based primarily on the original radio series and its 1960s television adaptation, and both Underdog and The Powerpuff Girls are based on an animated television series.
/m/0bpbhm	Cookie's Fortune is a 1999 criminal comedy film directed by Robert Altman and starring an ensemble cast, including Glenn Close, Julianne Moore, Liv Tyler, Patricia Neal, Charles S. Dutton and Chris O'Donnell.\nIt portrays small-town Southern life in Holly Springs, Mississippi, where the film was mostly shot. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival, held in February 1999.
/m/016dmx	Colin Henry Wilson was a prolific English writer who first came to prominence as a philosopher and novelist. He also wrote widely on true crime, mysticism and the paranormal. Wilson called his philosophy \"new existentialism\" or \"phenomenological existentialism\".
/m/053rd	Mining is the extraction of valuable minerals or other geological materials from the earth from an orebody, lode, vein, seam, or reef, which forms the mineralized package of economic interest to the miner.\nOres recovered by mining include metals, coal and oil shale, gemstones, limestone, and dimension stone, rock salt and potash, gravel, and clay. Mining is required to obtain any material that cannot be grown through agricultural processes, or created artificially in a laboratory or factory. Mining in a wider sense includes extraction of any non-renewable resource such as petroleum, natural gas, or even water.\nMining of stone and metal has been done since pre-historic times. Modern mining processes involve prospecting for ore bodies, analysis of the profit potential of a proposed mine, extraction of the desired materials, and final reclamation of the land after the mine is closed.\nThe nature of mining processes creates a potential negative impact on the environment both during the mining operations and for years after the mine is closed. This impact has led most of the world's nations to adopt regulations designed to moderate the negative effects of mining operations. Safety has long been a concern as well, and modern practices have improved safety in mines significantly.
/m/0d06m5	Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton is a former United States Secretary of State, U.S. Senator, and First Lady of the United States. From 2009 to 2013, she was the 67th Secretary of State, serving under President Barack Obama. She previously represented New York in the U.S. Senate. Before that, as the wife of President Bill Clinton, she was First Lady from 1993 to 2001. In the 2008 election, Clinton was a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination.\nA native of Illinois, Hillary Rodham was the first student commencement speaker at Wellesley College in 1969 and earned a J.D. from Yale Law School in 1973. After a brief stint as a Congressional legal counsel, she moved to Arkansas and married Bill Clinton in 1975. Rodham cofounded the Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families in 1977. In 1978, she became the first female chair of the Legal Services Corporation, and in 1979 the first female partner at Rose Law Firm. The National Law Journal twice listed her as one of the hundred most influential lawyers in America. As First Lady of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1992 with husband Bill as Governor, she led a task force that reformed Arkansas's education system. During that time, she was on the board of Wal-Mart and several other corporations.
/m/07db6x	Nunnally Hunter Johnson was an American filmmaker who wrote, produced, and directed motion pictures.
/m/05c1t6z	The 61st Annual Primetime Emmy Awards took place on September 20, 2009. CBS broadcast the Primetime event and E! the Creative Arts event; both took place at Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California. The nominations for the Awards were announced on July 16.\nThe Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced in July 2009 that Neil Patrick Harris would host the Primetime event. The Creative Arts Emmys for primetime were hosted by Kathy Griffin.\nAfter the previous year's lackluster performance in ratings, the Emmy Awards were hoping to achieve success by selecting Harris as sole host, as opposed to a group of hosts as in the previous year. The 61st Primetime Emmy awards earned a 4.2 rating in the 18-49 demo and drew 13.3 million, 1.1 million more than the previous year's all-time low.\n30 Rock became the sixth show to win Outstanding Comedy Series three straight years, winning three major awards on that night. 30 Rock made Emmy history when it smashed the record for most major nominations by a comedy series with 18. The Cosby Show had held the record of 13 since 1986, while 30 Rock had tied this the previous year. The 18 major nominations became the third biggest record of all time, behind Roots' record number of 21 in 1977 and NYPD Blue's mark of 19 in 1994. These marks still stand.
/m/03rz2b	Monsoon Wedding is a 2001 film directed by Mira Nair and written by Sabrina Dhawan, which depicts romantic entanglements during a traditional Punjabi Hindu wedding in Delhi.\nWriter Sabrina Dhawan wrote the first draft of the screenplay in a week while she was at Columbia University's MFA film program. Monsoon Wedding earned just above $30 million at the box office. Although it is set entirely in New Delhi, the film was an international co-production between companies in India, the United States, Italy, France, and Germany. The film won the Golden Lion award and received a Golden Globe Award nomination. A musical based on the film is currently in development and is scheduled to premiere on Broadway in April 2014.
/m/05xbx	The Public Broadcasting Service is an American broadcast television network. The non-profit public broadcaster has 354 member television stations which hold collective ownership. The network's headquarters is located in Arlington, Virginia.\nPBS is the most prominent provider of television programs to public television stations in the United States, distributing series such as Sesame Street, PBS NewsHour, Masterpiece, Frontline and Antiques Roadshow. Since the mid-2000s, Roper polls commissioned by PBS have consistently placed the service as America's most-trusted national institution. However, PBS is not responsible for all programming carried on public TV stations; in fact, stations usually receive a large portion of their content from third-party sources, such as American Public Television, NETA, WTTW National Productions and independent producers. This distinction is a frequent source of viewer confusion.\nPBS also has a subsidiary called National Datacast, which offers datacasting services via member stations; this helps PBS and its member stations earn extra revenue.
/m/0dgskx	Jim Carter is an English actor.\nCarter's film credits include Top Secret!, A Month in the Country, The Madness of King George, Richard III, Brassed Off, Shakespeare in Love, The Little Vampire, Ella Enchanted, and Detective Victor Getz in The Thief Lord. He plays John Faa in The Golden Compass, the first film in the adaptation of the His Dark Materials trilogy, and also stars in House of 9 as The Watcher, and the executioner in Alice in Wonderland.\nHis television credits include Lipstick on Your Collar, Cracker, The Way We Live Now, The Singing Detective, Arabian Nights, The Chest, Red Riding, A Very British Coup and the Hornblower episode \"Duty\" and in \"Midsomer Murders\" episode \"The Fisher King\" as Nathan Green. He also plays Captain Brown in the five-part BBC series Cranford and Mayor Waldo in the US miniseries Dinotopia. He currently stars in Downton Abbey playing Mr Carson, a role that earned him two nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
/m/05qmj	Plato was a philosopher in Classical Greece. He was also a mathematician, student of Socrates, writer of philosophical dialogues, and founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. Along with his mentor, Socrates, and his most-famous student, Aristotle, Plato helped to lay the foundations of Western philosophy and science. Alfred North Whitehead once noted: \"the safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato.\"\nPlato's sophistication as a writer is evident in his Socratic dialogues; thirty-six dialogues and thirteen letters have been ascribed to him, although 15–18 of them have been contested. Plato's writings have been published in several fashions; this has led to several conventions regarding the naming and referencing of Plato's texts. Plato's dialogues have been used to teach a range of subjects, including philosophy, logic, ethics, rhetoric, religion and mathematics. Plato is one of the most important founding figures in Western philosophy. His writings related to the Theory of Forms, or Platonic ideals, are the basis for Platonism.
/m/0272_vz	Mamma Mia! is a film adaptation of the West End stage musical, based on the songs of successful pop group ABBA, with additional music also composed by ABBA member Benny Andersson. Despite opening in the USA on the same date as the critically acclaimed Batman sequel The Dark Knight on July 18, 2008, the film did very well at the box office and had the largest opening weekend of any musical film in U.S. history. Like the stage musical, the film's title originates from the group's 1975 chart-topper Mamma Mia, and its plot is loosely based on the 1968 film Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell. It was produced by Universal Pictures in partnership with Playtone and Littlestar.[3] It was released on July 3, 2008, in Greece,[4] July 10, 2008, in Australia and the United Kingdom, July 11, 2008, in Sweden,[4] and on July 18, 2008, in the United States and Canada.[5]Meryl Streep heads the cast of the film, playing the role of single mother Donna Sheridan. Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth and Stellan Skarsgard play the three potential fathers to Donna's daughter Sophie (Amanda Seyfried).
/m/015n8	Baruch Spinoza — later Benedict de Spinoza — was a Dutch philosopher. The breadth and importance of Spinoza's work was not fully realized until years after his death. By laying the groundwork for the 18th century Enlightenment and modern biblical criticism, including modern conceptions of the self and, arguably, the universe, he came to be considered one of the great rationalists of 17th-century philosophy. His magnum opus, the posthumous Ethics, in which he opposed Descartes's mind–body dualism, has earned him recognition as one of Western philosophy's most important thinkers. In the Ethics, \"Spinoza wrote the last indisputable Latin masterpiece, and one in which the refined conceptions of medieval philosophy are finally turned against themselves and destroyed entirely.\" Philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel said of all contemporary philosophers, \"You are either a Spinozist or not a philosopher at all.\"\nSpinoza's given name in different languages is Hebrew: ברוך שפינוזה‎ Baruch Spinoza, Portuguese: Benedito or Bento de Espinosa and Latin: Benedictus de Spinoza; in all these languages, the given name means \"the Blessed\". Spinoza was raised in the Portuguese Jewish community in Amsterdam. He developed highly controversial ideas regarding the authenticity of the Hebrew Bible and the nature of the Divine. The Jewish religious authorities issued a cherem against him, effectively excluding him from Jewish society at age 23. His books were also later put on the Catholic Church's Index of Forbidden Books.
/m/0hx4y	Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction action film directed by Steven Spielberg and the first installment of the Jurassic Park franchise. It is based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Michael Crichton, with a screenplay written by Crichton and David Koepp. It stars Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Ariana Richards, Joseph Mazzello, Martin Ferrero, Wayne Knight, Samuel L. Jackson and Bob Peck. The film centers on the fictional Isla Nublar, an islet located off Costa Rica's Pacific Coast, where a billionaire philanthropist and a small team of genetic scientists have created a wildlife park of cloned dinosaurs.\nBefore Crichton's book was published, four studios put in bids to acquire the film rights. Spielberg, with the backing of Universal Studios, acquired the rights for $1.5 million before publication in 1990, and Crichton was hired for an additional $500,000 to adapt the novel for the screen. David Koepp wrote the final draft, which left out much of the novel's exposition and violence and made numerous changes to the characters. Filming took place in California and Hawaii between August and November 1992, and post-production rolled until May 1993, being supervised by Spielberg in Poland as he filmed Schindler's List. The dinosaurs were created through groundbreaking computer-generated imagery by Industrial Light & Magic in conjunction with life-sized animatronic dinosaurs built by Stan Winston's team. To showcase the film's sound design, which included a mixture of various animal noises for the dinosaur roars, Spielberg invested in the creation of DTS, a company specializing in digital surround sound formats.
/m/0bzkvd	The 41st Academy Awards were presented on April 14, 1969 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. It was the first Academy Awards ceremony broadcast worldwide. There was no host and it was also the first venue at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.\nOliver! became the first—and so far, the only—G-rated film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. In stark contrast, the following year would see the only X-rated film to win Best Picture: Midnight Cowboy. Oliver! would also be the last British film to win Best Picture until Chariots of Fire in 1982 and the very last movie musical to win until Chicago in 2003, though others have been nominated: Hello, Dolly!, Fiddler on the Roof, Cabaret, All That Jazz, Beauty and the Beast, and Moulin Rouge!.\nAs the special effects director and designer for 2001: A Space Odyssey, Stanley Kubrick was the recipient of the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects this year. It was the only Oscar he would ever win. Of all the films nominated for the Oscar this year, only 2001 would show up 30 years later on the American Film Institute list of the greatest American films of the 20th Century and Oliver! was the only Best Picture-nominated film this year to be nominated on the same list, but was not chosen to be on the list like 2001. Funny Girl, The Lion in Winter, Oliver!, and The Producers also have had their share of American Film Institute recognition, as well.
/m/01wbgdv	Chaka Khan is an American singer-songwriter whose career has spanned four decades, beginning in the 1970s as the frontwoman and focal point of the funk band Rufus. Often cited as the Queen of Funk, Khan has won ten Grammys and has sold an estimated 200 million records worldwide
/m/03v36	Iain Banks was a Scottish author. He wrote mainstream fiction under the name Iain Banks, and science fiction as Iain M. Banks, including the initial of his adopted middle name Menzies.\nFollowing the publication and success of The Wasp Factory, Banks began to write on a full-time basis. His first science fiction book, Consider Phlebas, was released in 1987, marking the start of the popular The Culture series. His books have been adapted for theatre, radio and television. In 2008, The Times named Banks in their list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\". In April 2013, Banks announced that he had inoperable cancer and was unlikely to live beyond a year. He died on 9 June 2013.
/m/0k3p	Amsterdam is the capital city of and the most populous within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Its status as the Dutch capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands though it is not the seat of the Dutch government, which is at The Hague. Amsterdam has a population of 810,084 within the city-proper, 1,106,844 in the urban region and 1,569,300 in the greater metropolitan area. The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country. It comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad, one of the larger conurbations in Europe, with a population of approximately 7 million.\nAmsterdam's name derives from Amstelredamme, indicative of the city's origin as a dam of the river Amstel. Originating as a small fishing village in the late 12th century, Amsterdam became one of the most important ports in the world during the Dutch Golden Age, a result of its innovative developments in trade. During that time, the city was the leading center for finance and diamonds. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the city expanded, and many new neighborhoods and suburbs were planned and built. The 17th-century canals of Amsterdam and the 19–20th century Defence Line of Amsterdam are on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
/m/011lpr	John Randolph \"Jack\" Webb, also known by the pen name John Randolph, was an American actor, television producer, director, and screenwriter, who is most famous for his role as Sergeant Joe Friday in the radio and television series Dragnet. He was also the founder of his own production company, Mark VII Limited.
/m/0qm8b	Black Hawk Down is a 2001 American war film directed by Ridley Scott. It is an adaptation of the 1999 book of the same name by Mark Bowden based on his series of articles in The Philadelphia Inquirer, which chronicled the events of the Battle of Mogadishu, a raid integral to the United States' effort to capture Somali warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid.\nThe film features a large ensemble cast, including Josh Hartnett, Eric Bana, Ewan McGregor, Tom Sizemore, William Fichtner and Sam Shepard. The film won two Oscars for Best Film Editing and Best Sound at the 74th Academy Awards. The film was received positively by American film critics, but was strongly criticized by Somalis.
/m/025352	A lyricist is a writer who specializes in writing lyrics. A singer who writes the lyrics to songs is a singer-lyricist. This differentiates from a singer-composer, who composes the song's melody.
/m/01ppq	Cyprus, officially the Republic of Cyprus, is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea. Cyprus is the third largest and third most populous island in the Mediterranean, and a member state of the European Union. It is located east of Greece, south of Turkey, west of Syria and Lebanon, northwest of Israel and north of Egypt.\nThe earliest known human activity on the island dates to around the 10th millennium BC. Archaeological remains from this period include the well-preserved Neolithic village of Khirokitia, and Cyprus is home to some of the oldest water wells in the world.\nThe earliest known foreign settlements on the island were mainly of Phoenicians and Greeks, with Phoenician culture dominating the island's eastern and southern parts. Cyprus was settled by Mycenaean Greeks in two waves in the 2nd millennium BC, though Greek culture did not come to dominate on the island until its conquest by Alexander the Great.\nAs a strategic location in the Middle East, it was subsequently occupied by several major powers, including the empires of the Assyrians, Egyptians, and Persians, from whom the island was seized in 333 BC by Alexander the Great.
/m/0264v8r	1. FC Union Berlin is a professional German association football club based in Berlin. The club emerged 1966 under the current name in East Germany and plays in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga. The home ground Stadion An der Alten Försterei is the largest single-purpose football stadium in the German capital. It has been home to Union Berlin and its forerunners since it was opened in 1920. The club is famous for its enthusiastic and creative fan base and is colloquially called \"Eisern Union\".
/m/03ryn	Indonesia, officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a sovereign state in Southeast Asia and Oceania. Indonesia is an archipelago comprising approximately 17,508 islands. It encompasses 33 provinces and 1 Special Administrative Region with over 238 million people, making it the world's fourth most populous country. Indonesia's republic form of government comprises an elected legislature and president. The nation's capital city is Jakarta. The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor, and Malaysia. Other neighboring countries include Singapore, the Philippines, Australia, Palau, and the Indian territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Indonesia is a founding member of ASEAN and a member of the G-20 major economies. The Indonesian economy is the world's 16th largest by nominal GDP.\nThe Indonesian archipelago has been an important trade region since at least the 7th century, when Srivijaya and then later Majapahit traded with China and India. Local rulers gradually absorbed foreign cultural, religious and political models from the early centuries CE, and Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms flourished. Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources. Muslim traders brought the now-dominant Islam, while European powers brought Christianity and fought one another to monopolize trade in the Spice Islands of Maluku during the Age of Discovery. Following three and a half centuries of Dutch colonialism, Indonesia secured its independence after World War II. Indonesia's history has since been turbulent, with challenges posed by natural disasters, corruption, separatism, a democratization process, and periods of rapid economic change.
/m/05cv8	Neal Town Stephenson is an American author and game designer known for his works of speculative fiction.\nHis novels have been variously categorized as science fiction, historical fiction, cyberpunk, and \"postcyberpunk.\" Other labels, such as \"baroque,\" often appear.\nStephenson explores subjects such as mathematics, cryptography, philosophy, currency, and the history of science. He also writes non-fiction articles about technology in publications such as Wired.\nHe has worked part-time as an advisor for Blue Origin, a company developing a manned sub-orbital launch system, and is also a cofounder of Subutai Corporation, whose first offering is the interactive fiction project The Mongoliad. He has also written novels with his uncle, George Jewsbury, under the collective pseudonym Stephen Bury.
/m/046m59	S. Epatha Merkerson is an American film, stage, and television actress. She has won a Golden Globe, an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, an Obie Award and four NAACP Image Awards. She has also received two Tony Award nominations. She is best known for her role as NYPD Lieutenant Anita Van Buren from 1993 to 2010 on the long-running NBC police procedural drama series, Law & Order. She appeared in 391 episodes of the series—more than any other cast member.\nIn 2012, Merkerson became the host of Find Our Missing, a reality-reenactment series on TV One which profiles missing people of color.
/m/02nzb8	A midfielder is an association football position. Midfielders are generally positioned on the field between their team's defense and forwards. Some midfielders play a more defensive role, while others blur the boundaries between midfielders and forwards. The number of midfielders on the team and their assigned roles depends on the team's formation; the collective group of these players on the field is sometimes referred to as the midfield.\nMost managers assign at least one midfielder to disrupt the opposing team's attacks, while others may be tasked with creating goals, or have equal responsibilities between attack and defence. Midfielders are the players who typically travel the greatest distance during a match.
/m/016kjs	Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr., known by his stage name Lil Wayne, is an American rapper from New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1991, at the age of nine, Lil Wayne joined Cash Money Records as the youngest member of the label, and half of the duo The B.G.'z, alongside fellow New Orleans-based rapper Lil' Doogie. In 1996, Lil Wayne formed the Southern hip hop group Hot Boys, with his Cash Money label-mates Juvenile, Young Turk and Lil' Doogie. Hot Boys debuted with Get It How U Live! that same year. Lil Wayne gained most of his success with the group's major selling album Guerrilla Warfare. Along with being the flagship artist of Cash Money Records, Lil Wayne is also the chief executive officer of his own imprint, Young Money Entertainment, which he founded in 2005.\nLil Wayne's debut studio album Tha Block Is Hot, was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. His following albums, Lights Out and 500 Degreez, were certified gold. He reached higher popularity with Tha Carter, which was led by the single \"Go D.J.\", also appearing on Destiny's Child's top ten single \"Soldier\", that same year. The album was followed by Tha Carter II and several mixtapes and collaborations throughout 2006 and 2007. Tha Carter III became Lil Wayne's most successful album to date, with first-week sales of over 1 million copies in the United States. It included the number-one single \"Lollipop\", as well as \"A Milli\" and \"Got Money\", and won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album.
/m/07lx1s	Suffolk University Law School is one of the professional graduate schools of Suffolk University. Suffolk University Law School is a private, non-sectarian law school located in downtown Boston, Massachusetts. Suffolk University Law School was founded in 1906 by Gleason Archer, Sr. to provide a legal education for those who traditionally lacked the opportunity to study law because of socio-economic or racial discrimination. Suffolk is the fourth-oldest New England law school in continuous existence.\nThe law school currently has both day and evening, part-time divisions. Suffolk University Law School has been accredited by the American Bar Association since 1953 and the Association of American Law Schools since 1977. The school is located in Sargent Hall on Tremont Street in downtown Boston. Suffolk offers over 200 upper-level electives, the most of any law school in the country, and is consistently ranked one of the most technologically advanced schools in the nation. Suffolk publishes six law reviews, to which students, faculty, and other scholars contribute. Suffolk has attracted notable scholars and prominent speakers including, but not limited to, John F. Kennedy, William Rehnquist, Antonin Scalia, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Noam Chomsky. Suffolk University Law School alumni are found in high-level judicial, political, and private positions throughout the United States. With over 25,000 alumni, Suffolk is the fourth largest law school in the United States.
/m/0djd3	Albuquerque is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the county seat of Bernalillo County, and it is situated in the central part of the state, straddling the Rio Grande. The city population was 555,417 as of the July 1, 2012 population estimate from the United States Census Bureau, and ranks as the 32nd-largest city in the U.S. The Albuquerque MSA has a population of 901,700 according to the United States Census Bureau's most recently available estimate for July 1, 2012. Albuquerque is the 53rd-largest United States metropolitan area. The Albuquerque MSA population includes the city of Rio Rancho, Bernalillo, Placitas, Corrales, Los Lunas, Belen, Bosque Farms, and forms part of the larger Albuquerque – Santa Fe – Las Vegas combined statistical area, with a total population of 1,162,777 as of the 2012 Census.\nAlbuquerque is home to the University of New Mexico, Central New Mexico Community College, Presbyterian Health Services, Kirtland Air Force Base, Sandia National Laboratories, Lovelace Respiratory Research Institute, and Petroglyph National Monument. The Sandia Mountains run along the eastern side of Albuquerque, and the Rio Grande flows through the city, north to south.
/m/02yvct	Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 German-American war film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino and starring Brad Pitt, Christoph Waltz, Mélanie Laurent, Michael Fassbender, Eli Roth and Diane Kruger. The film tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany's political leadership, one planned by a young French Jewish cinema proprietor, and the other by a team of Jewish-American soldiers led by First Lieutenant Aldo Raine. The film's title was inspired by director Enzo G. Castellari's 1978 macaroni combat film, The Inglorious Bastards.\nDevelopment began in 1998, when Tarantino wrote the script. He struggled with the ending and chose to hold off filming and moved on to direct the two-part film Kill Bill. After directing Death Proof in 2007, Tarantino returned to work on Inglourious Basterds. The film went into production in October 2008 and was filmed in Germany and France with a $75 million production budget. Inglourious Basterds premiered on May 20, 2009 at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Palme d'Or. It was widely released in theaters in the United States and Europe in August 2009 by The Weinstein Company and Universal Pictures.
/m/02sdk9v	Forwards are the players on an association football team who play nearest to the opposing team's goal, and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals. Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals than other players.\nModern team formations generally include one to three forwards; for example, the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward. Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards, or none.
/m/0bs1g5r	Peter Gene Hernandez, known by his stage name Bruno Mars, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor and choreographer. Born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, by a family of musicians, Mars began making music at a young age and performed in various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood. He graduated from high school and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a musical career. Mars produced songs for other artists, co-founding production team The Smeezingtons.\nMars had an unsuccessful stint with Motown Records, but then signed with Atlantic in 2009. He became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals to the songs \"Nothin' on You\" by B.o.B, and \"Billionaire\" by Travie McCoy, which were worldwide successes, and for which he co-wrote the hooks. Mars' production formula allowed him, and his production team, to work with an assortment of artists from various genres.\nHis debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans, released in 2010, peaked at number three on the Billboard 200, anchored by the worldwide number-one singles \"Just the Way You Are\" and \"Grenade\", as well as by the single \"The Lazy Song\". The album was nominated for seven Grammy Awards, winning Best Pop Vocal Performance for \"Just The Way You Are\". His second album, Unorthodox Jukebox, released in 2012, peaked at number one in the United States, UK and other international markets. The album spawned the international singles \"Locked Out of Heaven\", \"When I Was Your Man\" and \"Treasure\".
/m/0gx1673	The 54th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 12, 2012, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles being broadcast on CBS. LL Cool J hosted the show. It was the first time in seven years that the event had an official host. Nominations were announced on November 30, 2011 on prime-time television as part of \"The GRAMMY Nominations Concert Live! – Countdown to Music's Biggest Night\", a one-hour special broadcast live on CBS from Nokia Theatre at L.A. Live. Kanye West received the most nominations with seven. Adele, Foo Fighters, and Bruno Mars each received six nominations. Lil Wayne, Skrillex, and Radiohead all earned five nominations. The nominations were criticised by many music journalists as Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy missed out on a nomination for Album of the Year despite being highly critically acclaimed and topping many end of year charts. West's album went on to win Best Rap Album.\nA total of 78 awards were presented following the Academy's decision to restructure the Grammy Award categories. Paul McCartney received the MusiCares Person of the Year award on February 10, 2012, at the Los Angeles Convention Center, two nights prior to the Grammy telecast.
/m/0dgq_kn	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a 2011 Swedish-American mystery thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Stieg Larsson. This film adaptation was directed by David Fincher and written by Steven Zaillian. Starring Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara, it tells the story of journalist Mikael Blomkvist's investigation to find out what happened to a woman from a wealthy family who disappeared forty years prior. He recruits the help of computer hacker Lisbeth Salander.\nSony Pictures Entertainment began development on the film in 2009. It took the company a few months to obtain rights to the novel, during which they recruited Zaillian and Fincher. The casting process for the lead roles was exhaustive and intense; Craig initially faced scheduling conflicts, while a number of actresses were sought for the role of Lisbeth Salander. The script took over six months to write, which included three months of analyzing the novel. With a production budget of $90 million, filming took place in Sweden, Switzerland and Norway over seven months.\nPre-release screenings occurred in London, New York City and Stockholm. Critics gave the film very favorable reviews, applauding its dark, grim tone and praising Mara's and Craig's performances. The film grossed $232.6 million over its theatrical run. In addition to being included in the best-of lists in several publications, the film was a candidate for numerous awards, ultimately winning seven accolades including an Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
/m/0fy34l	A Simple Plan is a 1998 American drama film directed by Sam Raimi, based on the novel of the same name by Scott Smith, who also wrote the screenplay of the film. The film stars Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton and Bridget Fonda. It was shot in Delano, Minnesota and Ashland and Saxon, Wisconsin. Billy Bob Thornton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Scott Smith was nominated for the Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay.\nSeveral prominent critics praised the film for its complexity and taut suspense.
/m/01vlj1g	Matthew Broderick is an American film, stage and voice actor who, among other roles, played the title character in Ferris Bueller's Day Off, voiced Simba in The Lion King, and portrayed Leo Bloom in the Hollywood and Broadway productions of The Producers.\nHe has won two Tony Awards, one in 1983 for his featured role in the play Brighton Beach Memoirs and one in 1995 for his leading role in the musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. He was also nominated for the Tony Award, Best Actor in a Musical, for The Producers but lost to his co-star Nathan Lane. As of 2013, Broderick is the youngest winner of the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play.
/m/03sxd2	Summer of Sam is a 1999 American crime thriller film based around the Son of Sam serial murders. It was directed and produced by Spike Lee and stars John Leguizamo, Adrien Brody, Mira Sorvino, and Jennifer Esposito.
/m/0g5qs2k	Snow White and the Huntsman is a 2012 American fantasy, adventure and action film based on the German fairy tale \"Snow White\" compiled by the Brothers Grimm. The film is directed by Rupert Sanders and written by Evan Daugherty, Martin Solibakke, John Lee Hancock, and Hossein Amini. The cast includes Kristen Stewart, Charlize Theron, Chris Hemsworth, Sam Claflin, and Bob Hoskins. The film received two Oscar nominations for Best Visual Effects and Best Costume Design at the 85th Academy Awards. It was a success at the box office. Although critics praised the production design and the performances of Theron and Hemsworth, Stewart's performance received mixed to positive reviews, and Daugherty, Hancock and Amini's script was heavily criticized.
/m/0fhp9	Vienna is the capital and largest city of Austria, and one of the nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's primary city, with a population of about 1.757 million, and its cultural, economic, and political centre. It is the 7th-largest city by population within city limits in the European Union. Until the beginning of the 20th century it was the largest German-speaking city in the world, and before the splitting of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in World War I the city had 2 million inhabitants. Today it is the second only to Berlin in German speakers. Vienna is host to many major international organizations, including the United Nations and OPEC. The city lies in the east of Austria and is close to the borders of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary. These regions work together in a European Centrope border region. Along with nearby Bratislava, Vienna forms a metropolitan region with 3 million inhabitants. In 2001, the city centre was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.\nApart from being regarded as the City of Music because of its musical legacy, Vienna is also said to be \"The City of Dreams\" because it was home to the world's first psycho-analyst – Sigmund Freud. The city's roots lie in early Celtic and Roman settlements that transformed into a Medieval and Baroque city, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. It is well known for having played an essential role as a leading European music centre, from the great age of Viennese Classicism through the early part of the 20th century. The historic centre of Vienna is rich in architectural ensembles, including Baroque castles and gardens, and the late-19th-century Ringstrasse lined with grand buildings, monuments and parks.
/m/07h1q	Theodor W. Adorno was a German sociologist, philosopher and musicologist known for his critical theory of society.\nHe was a leading member of the Frankfurt School of critical theory, whose work has come to be associated with thinkers such as Ernst Bloch, Walter Benjamin, Max Horkheimer and Herbert Marcuse, for whom the work of Freud, Marx and Hegel were essential to a critique of modern society. He is widely regarded as one of the 20th century's foremost thinkers on aesthetics and philosophy, as well as one of its preeminent essayists. As a critic of both fascism and what he called the culture industry, his writings—such as Dialectic of Enlightenment, Minima Moralia and Negative Dialectics —strongly influenced the European New Left.\nAmidst the vogue enjoyed by existentialism and positivism in early 20th-century Europe, Adorno advanced a dialectical conception of natural history that critiqued the twin temptations of ontology and empiricism through studies of Kierkegaard and Husserl. As a classically trained pianist whose sympathies with the twelve-tone technique of Arnold Schoenberg resulted in his studying composition with Alban Berg of the Second Viennese School, Adorno's commitment to avant-garde music formed the backdrop of his subsequent writings and led to his collaboration with Thomas Mann on the latter's novel Doctor Faustus, while the two men lived in California as exiles during the Second World War. Working for the newly relocated Institute for Social Research, Adorno collaborated on influential studies of authoritarianism, anti-semitism and propaganda that would later serve as models for sociological studies the Institute carried out in post-war Germany. Upon his return to Frankfurt, Adorno was involved with the reconstitution of German intellectual life through debates with Karl Popper on the limitations of positivist science, critiques of Heidegger's language of authenticity, writings on German responsibility for the Holocaust, and continued interventions into matters of public policy. As a writer of polemics in the tradition of Nietzsche and Karl Kraus, Adorno delivered scathing critiques of contemporary Western culture. Adorno's posthumously published Aesthetic Theory, which he planned to dedicate to Samuel Beckett, is the culmination of a lifelong commitment to modern art which attempts to revoke the \"fatal separation\" of feeling and understanding long demanded by the history of philosophy and explode the privilege aesthetics accords to content over form and contemplation over immersion.
/m/03msf	Hertfordshire is a county in England. It is one of the home counties and is bordered by Bedfordshire to the north, Cambridgeshire to the north-east, Essex to the east, Buckinghamshire to the west and Greater London to the south. The county town is Hertford.
/m/06f41	Rowing is a sport in which athletes race against each other in shells, on rivers, lakes or the ocean, depending upon the type of race and the discipline. The boats are propelled by the reaction forces on the oar blades, as they are pushed against the water. The sport can be both recreational, focusing on learning the techniques required, and competitive where physical size and overall fitness plays a large role. It is also one of the oldest Olympic sports. In the United States, high school and college rowing is often referred to as crew.
/m/019lty	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, commonly referred to as Flamengo, is a Brazilian football club based in Rio de Janeiro. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, Brazil's national league, and is one of the only five clubs to have never been relegated to the second division, along with Santos, São Paulo, Internacional and Cruzeiro.\nThe club was established in 1885, although it did not play its first official game until 1912. Flamengo is one of the most successful clubs in Brazilian football, it has won 6 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A titles and 3 Copa do Brasil titles. Due to its low capacity, Flamengo's home stadium, Gávea, is rarely used and the club ops for the government-owned Maracanã, the biggest football stadium in Brazil, with a capacity of 78,838.\nIts traditional playing colors are red and black hooped shirts with white shorts and red and black hooped socks. In 1981, Flamengo became the first Carioca team to win the Copa Libertadores, the most prestigious laurel in South American football, the team, subsequently known as the Geração de Ouro, defeated Cobreloa 2–0 in the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo to became champions of America. That same year, Flamengo became world champions after defeating Liverpool 3-0 in Tokyo.
/m/05tgks	Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Wayne Wang about a hotel maid and a high profile politician who fall in love starring Jennifer Lopez, Ralph Fiennes, and Natasha Richardson. It is based on a story by John Hughes who is credited using a pseudonym. The original music score is composed by Alan Silvestri. The film was released on December 13, 2002.
/m/020w2	The cornet is a brass instrument very similar to the trumpet, distinguished by its conical bore, compact shape, and mellower tone quality. The most common cornet is a transposing instrument in B♭. It is not related to the renaissance and early baroque cornett.
/m/06j6l	Rhythm and blues, often abbreviated to R&B and RnB, is a genre of popular African-American music that originated in the 1940s. The term was originally used by record companies to describe recordings marketed predominantly to urban African Americans, at a time when \"urbane, rocking, jazz based music with a heavy, insistent beat\" was becoming more popular.\nThe term has subsequently had a number of shifts in meaning. In the early 1950s, the term rhythm and blues was frequently applied to blues records. Starting in the mid-1950s, after this style of music contributed to the development of rock and roll, the term \"R&B\" became used to refer to music styles that developed from and incorporated electric blues, as well as gospel and soul music. By the 1970s, rhythm and blues was used as a blanket term for soul and funk. In the 1980s, a newer style of R&B developed, becoming known as \"Contemporary R&B\".
/m/0fzrtf	1957's best films were honored at the 30th Academy Awards, held on 26 March 1958.\nThe Oscar for Writing Based on Material From Another Medium was awarded to Pierre Boulle for The Bridge on the River Kwai, despite the fact that he did not know English. The actual writers, Carl Foreman and Michael Wilson were blacklisted at the time and did not receive screen credit for their work. Foreman and Wilson have since been acknowledged by the Academy for their contributions.\nJoanne Woodward's win for Best Actress for her triple role as Eve White, Eve Black and Jane in The Three Faces of Eve marked the film as the last film to win Best Actress without being nominated for other awards. This was broken 31 years later when Jodie Foster won Best Actress for her role in The Accused, the film's only nomination.\nPeyton Place tied the record for the most nominations without a single win with The Little Foxes. It would not be broken until 1977 when The Turning Point received 11 nominations without a win, which has not been broken since, though The Color Purple subsequently tied the record. Peyton Place also set the record for most unsuccessful acting nominations with five; this record has been tied once, by Tom Jones at the 36th Academy Awards.
/m/0ckd1	An executive producer enables the making of a commercial entertainment product. He or she may be concerned with management accounting and/or with associated legal issues. An EP generally contributes to the film's budget and may or may not work on set.
/m/09b6zr	George Walker Bush is an American politician and businessman who served as the 43rd President of the United States of America from 2001 to 2009 and the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. The eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush, he was born in New Haven, Connecticut. After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975, Bush worked in oil businesses. He married Laura Welch in 1977 and ran unsuccessfully for the House of Representatives shortly thereafter. He later co-owned the Texas Rangers baseball team before defeating Ann Richards in the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election. Bush was elected president in 2000 after a close and controversial election, becoming the fourth president to be elected while receiving fewer popular votes nationwide than his opponent. Bush is the second president to have been the son of a former president, the first being John Quincy Adams. He is also the brother of Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida.\nEight months into Bush's first term as president, the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks occurred. In response, Bush announced the War on Terror, an international military campaign which included the war in Afghanistan launched in 2001 and the war in Iraq launched in 2003. In addition to national security issues, Bush also promoted policies on the economy, health care, education, social security reform, and amending the Constitution to disallow same-sex marriage. He signed into law broad tax cuts, the PATRIOT Act, the No Child Left Behind Act, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, Medicare prescription drug benefits for seniors, and funding for the AIDS relief program known as PEPFAR. Bush announced the U.S. would not implement the Kyoto Protocol on global warming that had been negotiated by the Clinton Administration in 1997, and agreed to by 178 other countries, but never ratified by the U.S. Senate. His tenure saw national debates on immigration, Social Security, electronic surveillance, and enhanced interrogation techniques.
/m/01jrbb	Finding Nemo is a 2003 American computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film written and directed by Andrew Stanton, released by Walt Disney Pictures, and the fifth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It tells the story of the over-protective clownfish named Marlin who, along with a regal tang named Dory, searches for his abducted son Nemo all the way to Sydney Harbour. Along the way, Marlin learns to take risks and let Nemo take care of himself.\nIt is Pixar's first film to be released in cinemas in the northern hemisphere summer. The film was re-released for the first time in 3D on September 14, 2012, and it was released on Blu-ray on December 4, 2012. A sequel, Finding Dory, is in development, set to be released on June 17, 2016.\nThe film received widespread critical acclaim, won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, and was nominated in three more categories including Best Original Screenplay. It was the second highest-grossing film of 2003, earning a total of $936 million worldwide. Finding Nemo is the best-selling DVD of all time, with over 40 million copies sold as of 2006, and was the highest-grossing G-rated film of all time before Pixar's own Toy Story 3 overtook it. It is the 25th highest-grossing film of all time, as well as the 5th highest-grossing animated film. In 2008, the American Film Institute named it the 10th greatest animated film ever made during their Top 10.
/m/01n8gr	Kenneth Ray \"Kenny\" Rogers is an American singer-songwriter, photographer, record producer, actor, entrepreneur and author, and member of the Country Music Hall of Fame.\nThough he has been most successful with country audiences, he has charted more than 120 hit singles across various music genres, topped the country and pop album charts for more than 200 individual weeks in the United States alone and has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making him one of the highest-selling artists of all time.\nTwo of his albums, The Gambler and Kenny, are featured in the About.com poll of \"The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever\". He was voted the \"Favorite Singer of All-Time\" in a 1986 joint poll by readers of both USA Today and People. He has received numerous such awards as the AMAs, Grammys, ACMs and CMAs, as well as a lifetime achievement award for a career spanning six decades in 2003.\nLater success includes the 2006 album release, Water & Bridges, an across the board hit, that hit the Top 5 in the Billboard Country Albums sales charts, also charting in the Top 15 of the Billboard 200. The first single from the album, \"I Can't Unlove You,\" was also a sizable chart hit. Remaining a popular entertainer around the world, the following year he completed a tour of the United Kingdom and Ireland, telling BBC Radio 2 DJ Steve Wright his favourite hit was \"The Gambler\". He has also acted in a variety of movies and television shows, most notably the title roles in Kenny Rogers as The Gambler and the MacShayne series as well as his appearance on The Muppet Show.
/m/05fgr_	Project Runway is an American reality television series on Lifetime, previously on the Bravo network, created by Eli Holzman which focuses on fashion design and is hosted by model Heidi Klum. The contestants compete with each other to create the best clothes and are restricted in time, materials and theme. Their designs are judged, and one or more designers are eliminated each week.\nOn July 4, 2006, the show's producers, The Weinstein Company, announced a five-year deal that would relocate the show to Lifetime, beginning with Season 6. In response, NBCUniversal filed a lawsuit against the Weinstein Company for violating its contract rights. A September 2008 court decision granted NBCU's request for an injunction, preventing Lifetime from promoting or exhibiting \"Runway\" until further notice.\nOn April 1, 2009, the lawsuit between The Weinstein Company and NBCUniversal was settled, with Weinstein agreeing to pay NBC an undisclosed sum for the right to move the show to Lifetime. Season 6 began airing on Lifetime on August 20, 2009. On August 27, 2009, NBC Universal wound up gaining partial ownership of Lifetime, when A&E Television Networks, which was already partially owned by NBC, acquired the channel's parent company, Lifetime Entertainment Services. It premiered on the Slice channel in Canada on September 12.
/m/0cqr0q	American Psycho is a 2000 American cult crime drama film directed by Mary Harron based on Bret Easton Ellis's novel of the same name. It stars Christian Bale, Willem Dafoe, Jared Leto, Josh Lucas, Samantha Mathis, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Seymour, Justin Theroux, and Reese Witherspoon. It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival on April 14, 2000.
/m/0g9lm2	The Queen is a 2006 British historical drama film that depicts the aftermath of the death of Princess Diana on 31 August 1997. The film was directed by Stephen Frears, written by Peter Morgan, and starring Helen Mirren in the title role of Queen Elizabeth II. The Royal Family regards Diana's death as a private affair and thus not to be treated as an official Royal death. This is in contrast with the views of Tony Blair and Diana's ex-husband, Prince Charles, who favour the general public's desire for an official expression of grief. Matters are further complicated by the media, royal protocol regarding Diana's official status, and wider issues about Republicanism.\nThe film's release coincided with a revival of favourable public sentiment in respect to the monarchy and a downturn in fortunes for Blair, whose resignation came several months later. Michael Sheen reprised his role as Blair from The Deal, and he did so again in The Special Relationship. The film garnered general critical and popular acclaim for Mirren, in which she praised the Queen and was invited to dinner at Buckingham Palace after the film's release. However, Mirren could not attend due to filming commitments in Hollywood.
/m/03ynwqj	I Love You, Man is a 2009 American romantic comedy film originally titled Let's Be Friends and written by Larry Levin before John Hamburg rewrote and directed the film. It stars Paul Rudd and Jason Segel.\nThe film was released theatrically in North America on March 20, 2009, to mostly positive reviews and took second spot in the box office during its opening week. The film was released on home video on August 11, 2009.
/m/09728	Bread is a staple food prepared by baking a dough of flour and water. It is popular around the world and is one of the world's oldest foods.\nThe virtually infinite combinations of different flours, and differing proportions of ingredients, has resulted in the wide variety of types, shapes, sizes, and textures available around the world. It may be leavened by a number of different processes ranging from the use of naturally occurring microbes to high-pressure artificial aeration during preparation and/or baking, or may be left unleavened. A wide variety of additives may be used, from fruits and nuts to various fats, to chemical additives designed to improve flavour, texture, colour, and/or shelf life.\nBread may be served in different forms at any meal of the day, eaten as a snack, and is even used as an ingredient in other culinary preparations. As a basic food worldwide, bread has come to take on significance beyond mere nutrition, evolving into a fixture in religious rituals, secular cultural life, and language.
/m/0prjs	Sir Kenneth Charles Branagh, Kt. is an actor, director, producer, and screenwriter from Northern Ireland. He has directed or starred in several film adaptations of William Shakespeare's plays, including Henry V, Much Ado About Nothing, Othello, Hamlet, Love's Labour's Lost, and As You Like It.\nHe has also starred in numerous other films and television series including Fortunes of War, Wild Wild West, The Road to El Dorado, Conspiracy, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Warm Springs, Valkyrie, Wallander, and My Week with Marilyn as Sir Laurence Olivier. He has directed such notable films as Dead Again, Swan Song, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, The Magic Flute, Sleuth, the blockbuster superhero film Thor and the action thriller Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit.
/m/015x1f	Curtis Lee Mayfield was an American soul, R&B, and funk singer, songwriter, and record producer. He achieved mainstream solo success and recognition from being involved with The Impressions during the Civil Rights Movement of the late 50's and 1960s. Mayfield is also known for his efforts in writing the soundtrack to the blaxploitation film Super Fly which was considered unusual as a soundtrack for a blaxploitation film, as its songs contained themes focusing more on the social problems of impoverished African American urban areas during the time. Mayfield is regarded as a pioneer of funk and of politically conscious African-American music. He was also a multi-instrumentalist who played the guitar, bass, piano, saxophone, and drums. Mayfield is a winner of both the Grammy Legend Award and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, and he was a double inductee into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted as a member of The Impressions into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1991, and again in 1999 as a solo artist. He is also a two-time Grammy Hall of Fame inductee.
/m/02ch1w	Madeline Kahn was an American actress, comedienne and singer. She was best known for her comedic roles in such films as Blazing Saddles, Paper Moon, Young Frankenstein, History of the World, Part I, What's Up, Doc?, and Clue.
/m/0yxm1	Moonstruck is a 1987 American romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison and written by John Patrick Shanley. It stars Cher, Nicolas Cage, Danny Aiello, Vincent Gardenia, and Olympia Dukakis.\nThe film was released on December 16, 1987 in New York City, and then nationally on December 18, 1987, receiving largely positive reviews from critics. It went on to gross $91,640,528 at the North American box office, making it the fifth highest-grossing film of that year.\nMoonstruck was nominated for six Oscars at the 60th Academy Awards, winning for Best Original Screenplay, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/011k_j	Timpani, or kettledrums, are musical instruments in the percussion family. A type of drum, they consist of a skin called a head stretched over a large bowl traditionally made of copper. They are played by striking the head with a specialized drum stick called a timpani stick or timpani mallet. Timpani evolved from military drums to become a staple of the classical orchestra by the last third of the 18th century. Today, they are used in many types of musical ensembles including concert, marching, and even some rock bands.\nTimpani is an Italian plural, the singular of which is timpano. However, in informal English speech a single instrument is rarely called a timpano: several are more typically referred to collectively as kettledrums, timpani, temple drums, or simply timps. They are also often incorrectly termed timpanis. A musician who plays the timpani is a timpanist.
/m/02mjmr	Barack Hussein Obama II is the 44th and current President of the United States, and the first African American to hold the office. Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, Obama is a graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School, where he served as president of the Harvard Law Review. He was a community organizer in Chicago before earning his law degree. He worked as a civil rights attorney and taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004. He served three terms representing the 13th District in the Illinois Senate from 1997 to 2004, running unsuccessfully for the United States House of Representatives in 2000.\nIn 2004, Obama received national attention during his campaign to represent Illinois in the United States Senate with his victory in the March Democratic Party primary, his keynote address at the Democratic National Convention in July, and his election to the Senate in November. He began his presidential campaign in 2007, and in 2008, after a close primary campaign against Hillary Rodham Clinton, he won sufficient delegates in the Democratic Party primaries to receive the presidential nomination. He then defeated Republican nominee John McCain in the general election, and was inaugurated as president on January 20, 2009. Nine months after his election, Obama was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
/m/0gtv7pk	Resident Evil: Retribution is a 2012 science fiction action horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. It is the fifth installment in the Resident Evil film series based on the Capcom survival horror video game series Resident Evil, and the third to be written and directed by Anderson after the first film and the previous installment.\nRetribution is a direct follow-on from the previous film Resident Evil: Afterlife, and focuses on Alice captured by the Umbrella Corporation, forcing her to make her escape from an underwater base in the Arctic Circle, used for testing the T-virus. The film has many returning actors and characters, along with new characters from the video game not featured in the previous films. Filming took place from October to December 2011 for an international release date of September 14, 2012.\nThe film was released in 2D, 3D and IMAX 3D to a box-office success, grossing over $240 million worldwide. Film critics criticized the film for its characters, plot, and acting while praising the 3D, visual effects, and fight choreography. The Blu-ray and DVD for the film was released on December 21, 2012, and a sixth installment is planned by Sony.
/m/0frq6	Pork is the culinary name for meat from the domestic pig. It is one of the most commonly consumed meats worldwide, with evidence of pig husbandry dating back to 5000 BC.\nPork is eaten both freshly cooked and preserved. Curing extends the shelf life of the pork products. Hams, smoked pork, gammon, bacon and sausage are examples of preserved pork. Charcuterie is the branch of cooking devoted to prepared meat products, many from pork.\nPork is a popular meat in the Western world, and is very common in Chinese cuisine. The religions of Judaism and Islam, as well as several Christian denominations, forbid pork. It remains illegal in several Muslim countries. Raw or undercooked pork may contain trichinosis, but advances in food hygiene have caused a decrease in cases.
/m/05fgt1	Intolerable Cruelty is a 2003 romantic black comedy film co-written, produced, edited and, directed by Joel and Ethan Coen and starring George Clooney, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Geoffrey Rush, Billy Bob Thornton, Cedric the Entertainer, and Paul Adelstein. It was released by Universal Pictures.
/m/08r4x3	Bobby is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Emilio Estevez and stars an ensemble cast. The screenplay is a fictionalized account of the hours leading up to the June 5, 1968 shooting of U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy in the kitchen of The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles following his win of the 1968 Democratic Party presidential primaries in California.
/m/0g0z58	The Oklahoma Sooners football program is a college football team that represents the University of Oklahoma. The team is currently a member of the Big 12 Conference, which is in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association. The program began in 1895 and is the most successful program of the modern era with 567 wins and a winning percentage of .763 since 1945. The program has 7 national championships, 44 conference championships, 154 All-Americans, and five Heisman Trophy winners. In addition, the school has had five coaches and 17 players inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and holds the record for the longest winning streak in Division I-FBS history with 47 straight victories. Oklahoma is also the only program that has had four coaches with 100+ wins, including current head coach Bob Stoops. They became the sixth NCAA FBS team to win 800 games when they defeated Utah State on Sept. 4th, 2010. Games are played at the Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma.
/m/02x4x18	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Female Lead is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/021y1s	Warwickshire is a landlocked non-metropolitan county in the West Midlands region of England. The county town is Warwick, although the largest town is Nuneaton. The county is famous for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare and George Eliot. Commonly used abbreviations for the county are Warks or Warwicks.\nThe county is divided into five districts of North Warwickshire, Nuneaton & Bedworth, Rugby, Warwick and Stratford-on-Avon. The current county boundaries were set in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972. The historic county boundaries also included Coventry and Solihull, as well as much of Birmingham. The county is bordered by Gloucestershire to the south west, Worcestershire and the West Midlands to the west, Staffordshire to the north west, Leicestershire to the north east, Northamptonshire to the east and Oxfordshire to the south and south east.\nFor Eurostat purposes it is a NUTS 3 region and is one of three counties that comprise the \"Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Warwickshire\" NUTS 2 region.
/m/02q3fdr	Ponyo, initially titled in English as Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea, is a 2008 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki of Studio Ghibli. It is Miyazaki's eighth film for Ghibli, and his tenth overall. The plot centers on a goldfish named Ponyo who befriends a five-year-old human boy, Sōsuke, and wants to become a human girl.\nThe film has won several awards, including the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year. It was released in Japan on July 19, 2008, in the US and Canada on August 14, 2009, and in the UK on February 12, 2010. The film reached #9 in the US box office charts for its opening weekend.
/m/0kv238	The Wolfman is a 2010 American remake of the 1941 classic werewolf horror film of the same name. This film's second half was significantly altered and expanded from the original film's plot. Directed by Joe Johnston, the film stars Benicio del Toro, Anthony Hopkins, Emily Blunt and Hugo Weaving. It was released in the United States on February 12, 2010.\nWhile receiving mostly mixed critical reviews and failing to make back its budget at the box office, the movie won an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/03f0fnk	Lewis Allan \"Lou\" Reed was an American musician, singer and songwriter. After serving as guitarist, vocalist, and principal songwriter of the Velvet Underground, his solo career spanned several decades.\nThe Velvet Underground was a commercial failure in the late 1960s, but the group gained a considerable cult following in the years since its demise and has gone on to become one of the most widely cited and influential bands of the era – hence Brian Eno's famous quote that while the Velvet Underground's debut album only sold 30,000 copies, \"everyone who bought one of those 30,000 copies started a band.\"\nAfter his departure from the group, Reed began a solo career in 1972. He had a hit the following year with \"Walk on the Wild Side\", but subsequently lacked the mainstream commercial success its chart status seemed to indicate. Reed was known for his distinctive deadpan voice, poetic lyrics and for pioneering and coining the term ostrich guitar tuning.\nIn 2003, Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time included two albums by Reed as a solo artist, Transformer and Berlin.
/m/0bs5k8r	Mao's Last Dancer is a 2009 Australian biographical film based on ballet dancer Li Cunxin's autobiography of the same name. Li Cunxin is portrayed by Birmingham Royal Ballet Principal Dancer Chi Cao, Australian Ballet dancer Chengwu Guo and Huang Wen Bin. The film also stars Bruce Greenwood, Kyle MacLachlan, Joan Chen, Wang Shuangbao and Amanda Schull.\nThe film premiered on 13 September 2009, at the Toronto International Film Festival. General release in Australia and New Zealand began on 1 October 2009. It began screening in the United States on 33 screens in August 2010.
/m/0gvrws1	Total Recall is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction action film remake of the 1990 film of the same name, which was in turn loosely based on the 1966 short story \"We Can Remember It for You Wholesale\" by Philip K. Dick. The film centers upon an ordinary factory worker who accidentally discovers that his current life is a fabrication predicated upon false memories implanted into his brain by the government. Ensuing events leave no room for doubt that his true identity is that of a highly trained secret agent. He then follows a trail of clues to gradually recover more suppressed memories and reassumes his original vocation with renewed dedication. Unlike the original film and the short story, the plot takes place on Earth rather than a trip to Mars and exhibits more political overtones. The film blends Western and Eastern influences, most notably in the settings and dominant populations of the two nation-states in the story: the United Federation of Britain and the Colony.\nTotal Recall was directed by Len Wiseman and written by Mark Bomback, James Vanderbilt, and Kurt Wimmer. It stars Colin Farrell, Kate Beckinsale, Jessica Biel, Bryan Cranston, Will Yun Lee, and Bill Nighy. It was first announced in 2009 and was released in North America on August 3, 2012, grossing over $198 million worldwide. The film was released to mixed-to-negative critical reception. It received praise in certain areas such as its action sequences, but the film's lack of humor, emotional subtlety and character development drew the most criticism.
/m/01vs_v8	Madonna Louise Ciccone is an American singer-songwriter, actress and entrepreneur. One of the world's greatest cultural icons for over three decades, she has achieved an unprecedented level of power and control for a woman in the entertainment industry. Madonna is known for continuously reinventing both her music and image, and for retaining a standard of autonomy within the recording industry. She attained immense popularity by pushing the boundaries of lyrical content in mainstream popular music and imagery in her music videos, which became a fixture on MTV. Music critics have praised her diverse and innovative musical productions which have also been known to induce controversy. Cited as an influence among numerous artists around the world, she is often referred to as the \"Queen of Pop\".\nBorn in Bay City, Michigan, Madonna moved to New York City in 1977 to pursue a career in modern dance. After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy in the late 1970s and early 1980s, she signed with Sire Records in 1982 and released her self-titled debut album the following year. She followed it with a series of commercially successful albums, including the Grammy Award winners Ray of Light and Confessions on a Dance Floor. Throughout her career, she has written and produced most of her songs, with many of them have hit number one on the record charts, including \"Like a Virgin\", \"Into the Groove\", \"Papa Don't Preach\", \"Like a Prayer\", \"Vogue\", \"Frozen\", \"Music\", \"Hung Up\", and \"4 Minutes\".
/m/02fp82	Kids' WB was an American children's programming block that originally aired on The WB Television Network from September 9, 1995 to September 16, 2006. On September 23, 2006, the block moved to The CW, which was created by CBS Corporation and WB co-parent Time Warner as a replacement for The WB and UPN, with much of its programming being borrowed from them. The Kids' WB television block ended on May 17, 2008, and the Saturday morning programming slot was sold to 4Kids Entertainment to launch The CW4Kids/Toonzai.\nKids' WB was relaunched as an online network on April 28, 2008, a few weeks before it was replaced by The CW4Kids. The service allows viewers to live-action and animated content, including those from Looney Tunes, Hanna-Barbera and DC Comics. The website operates different zones based on programming type: Kids' WB, Kids' WB, Jr. and DC HeroZone. It is also available on Fancast featuring Looney Tunes shorts, and full episodes of television series such as Scooby Doo, The Flintstones and The Jetsons.\nKids' WB also continues to exist in the form of branded program blocks that air on television in Australia and Bulgaria.
/m/0mnwd	Fredericksburg is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia . As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,286. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Fredericksburg with neighboring Spotsylvania County for statistical purposes.\nLocated 49 miles south of Washington, D.C. and 58 miles north of Richmond, Fredericksburg is part of the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.\nLocated near where the Rappahannock River crosses the Fall Line, Fredericksburg was a prominent port in Virginia during the colonial era. During the Civil War, the town, located halfway between the capitals of the opposing forces, was the site of the Battle of Fredericksburg and Second Battle of Fredericksburg, preserved in part as the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania National Military Park. Tourism is a major part of the economy, with approximately 1.5 million people visiting the Fredericksburg area annually, including the battlefield park, the downtown visitor center, events, museums and historic sites.\nFredericksburg is home to several major commercial centers including Central Park and Spotsylvania Towne Centre, located in Spotsylvania County adjacent to the city line. Major employers include the University of Mary Washington, Mary Washington Healthcare, and GEICO. Many Fredericksburg-area residents commute to work by car, bus, and rail to Washington DC and Richmond, as well as the counties of Fairfax, Prince William, and Arlington. This has led to Fredericksburg becoming more culturally synonymous with the rest of Northern Virginia.
/m/0292l3	Anupam Kher is an Indian actor who has appeared in nearly 470 films and 100 plays. Though mainly appearing in Bollywood films, he has had roles in some films from other nations as well most notably the 2013 Oscar nominated Silver Linings Playbook, directed by David O. Russell. He has held the post of Chairman of the Censor Board and National School of Drama in India. In 2004, he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India for his contribution to Indian cinema. Kher has won the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Comic Role five times, more than any other actor.
/m/05hj_k	Harvey Weinstein, CBE is an American film producer and film studio executive. He is best known as co-founder of Miramax Films. He and his brother Bob have been co-chairmen of The Weinstein Company, their film production company, since 2005. He won an Academy Award for producing Shakespeare in Love, and garnered seven Tony Awards for producing a variety of winning plays and musicals including The Producers, Billy Elliot the Musical, and August: Osage County. In a survey analyzing the speeches of Academy Award Winners over a period of 20 years, it was determined that 7 Oscar Winners thanked God in their acceptance speeches, while 30 Oscar Winners thanked Harvey Weinstein.
/m/0n6ds	Cruel Intentions is a 1999 American drama film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Phillippe, Reese Witherspoon, and Selma Blair. The film is an adaptation of Les Liaisons dangereuses, written by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos in 1782, but set among wealthy teenagers attending high school in modern New York City.\nThe film started as an independent film with a small budget, and was later picked up by Columbia Pictures. It was released on March 5, 1999 and was followed by two direct-to-video films: a prequel, Cruel Intentions 2, and a sequel, Cruel Intentions 3.
/m/02qlp4	Lost in Space is a 1998 American science fiction film directed by Stephen Hopkins and starring Gary Oldman and William Hurt. The film was shot in London and Shepperton, and produced by New Line Cinema. The plot is adapted from the 1965–1968 CBS television series Lost in Space. The film focuses on the Robinson family, who undertake a voyage to a nearby star system to begin large-scale emigration from a soon-to-be uninhabitable Earth, but are thrown off course by a saboteur and must try to find their way home.\nSeveral of the actors from the original TV series had cameos in the film.
/m/0j5g9	Wales is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and the island of Great Britain, bordered by England to its east and the Atlantic Ocean and Irish Sea to its west. It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of 20,779 km². Wales has over 1,200 km of coastline and is largely mountainous, with its highest peaks in the north and central areas, including Snowdon, its highest summit. The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable, maritime climate.\nWelsh national identity emerged among the Celtic Britons after the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century, and Wales is regarded as one of the modern Celtic nations. Llywelyn ap Gruffydd's death in 1282 marked the completion of Edward I of England's conquest of Wales, though Owain Glyndŵr briefly restored independence to what was to become modern Wales, in the early 15th century. The whole of Wales was annexed by England and incorporated within the English legal system, under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542. Distinctive Welsh politics developed in the 19th century. Welsh Liberalism, exemplified in the early 20th century by Lloyd George, was displaced by the growth of socialism and the Labour Party. Welsh national feeling grew over the century; Plaid Cymru was formed in 1925 and the Welsh Language Society in 1962. Established under the Government of Wales Act 1998, the National Assembly for Wales holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters.
/m/01j28z	The term rockumentary is a portmanteau word denoting a documentary about rock music or its musicians. The term was first used by Bill Drake in the 1969 History of Rock & Roll radio broadcast.
/m/05bxwh	Anatole Litvak was a Ukrainian-born filmmaker who wrote, directed, and produced films in various countries and languages. He was best known as the Academy Award nominated director of the 1948 film The Snake Pit.
/m/04v7kt	Idrissa Akuna \"Idris\" Elba is a British actor, producer, singer, rapper, and DJ. He is best known for his portrayal of drug lord and aspiring businessman Russell \"Stringer\" Bell in the HBO series The Wire, Detective John Luther in the BBC One series Luther, and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom. Elba has been nominated for three Golden Globe Awards for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film, winning one, and for Best Actor, as well as earning three Primetime Emmy Award nominations.\nElba has appeared in films such as American Gangster, Daddy's Little Girls, Takers, Thor, Prometheus, Pacific Rim and Thor: The Dark World. In addition to his acting work, he is a DJ under the moniker DJ Big Driis and a hip-hop soul musician.
/m/016hvl	Pier Paolo Pasolini was an Italian film director, poet, writer and intellectual. Pasolini distinguished himself as a poet, journalist, philosopher, linguist, novelist, playwright, filmmaker, newspaper and magazine columnist, actor, painter and political figure. He demonstrated a unique and extraordinary cultural versatility, becoming a highly controversial figure in the process. While his work remains controversial to this day, in the years since his death Pasolini has come to be valued by many as a visionary thinker and a major figure in Italian literature and art. American literary critic Harold Bloom considers Pasolini to be a major European poet and important in 20th-century poetry, including his works in his collection of the Western canon.
/m/017jd9	The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson based on the second and third volumes of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. It is the third and concluding installment in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, following The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers.\nAs Sauron launches the final stages of his conquest of Middle-earth, Gandalf the Wizard and Théoden King of Rohan rally their forces to help defend Gondor's capital Minas Tirith from the looming threat. Aragorn finally claims the throne of Gondor and, with the aid of Legolas the Elf and Gimli the Dwarf summons the army of the Dead to help him defeat Sauron. Ultimately, even with full strength of arms, they realize they cannot win; so it comes down to the Hobbits, Frodo and Sam, to bear the burden of the Ring and deal with the treachery of Gollum. After a long journey they finally arrive in the dangerous lands of Mordor, seeking to destroy the One Ring in the place it was created, the volcanic fires of Mount Doom.\nReleased on 17 December 2003, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King received rave reviews and became one of the greatest critical and box-office successes of all time, being only the second film to gross $1 billion worldwide, becoming the highest grossing film from New Line Cinema, as well as the biggest financial success for Time Warner in general, until Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 surpassed The Return of the King's final gross in 2011. The film was the highest-grossing film of 2003. Notably, it won all eleven Academy Awards for which it was nominated, therefore holding the record for highest Oscar sweep. The wins included the awards for Best Picture, the first and only time a fantasy film has done so; it was also the second sequel to win a Best Picture Oscar and Best Director. The film is tied for largest number of Academy Awards won with Ben-Hur and Titanic.
/m/0m28g	Mohave County is located in the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population was 200,186. The county seat is Kingman. While the largest single city is Lake Havasu City, the area with highest population is the Bullhead City/Fort Mohave/Mohave Valley area.\nMohave County contains parts of Grand Canyon National Park and Lake Mead National Recreation Area and all of the Grand Canyon-Parashant National Monument. The Kaibab, Fort Mojave and Hualapai Indian Reservations also lie within the county.\nMohave County is the fifth-largest county in the United States by land area.
/m/0jmnl	The Seattle SuperSonics were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association from 1967 until 2008. After the 2007–08 season ended, the team relocated to Oklahoma City, and now plays as the Oklahoma City Thunder. Settlement terms of a lawsuit between the city of Seattle and Clay Bennett's ownership group stipulated the SuperSonics' banners, trophies and retired jerseys remain in Seattle; the nickname, logo, and color scheme are available to any subsequent NBA team; and the Sonics' franchise history would be shared with the Thunder.\nThe SuperSonics won the NBA Championship in 1979, and are one of four teams out of the six major-league men's professional sports franchises that have existed in Seattle
/m/016622	Tubular bells are musical instruments in the percussion family. Each bell is a metal tube, 30–38 mm in diameter, tuned by altering its length. Its standard range is from C4-F5, though many professional instruments reach G5. Tubular bells are often replaced by studio chimes, which are a smaller and usually less expensive instrument. Studio chimes are similar in appearance to tubular bells, but each bell has a smaller diameter than the corresponding bell on tubular bells.\nTubular bells are sometimes struck on the top edge of the tube with a rawhide- or plastic-headed hammer. Often, a sustain pedal will be attached to allow extended ringing of the bells. They can also be bowed at the bottom of the tube to produce a very loud, very high-pitched overtone.\nThe tubes used provide a purer tone than solid cylindrical chimes, such as those on a mark tree.\nChimes are often used in concert band pieces. Most composers write Chimes under the category of Percussion > Mallet Percussion. It rarely plays melody, mostly a bass that brings out some color but sometimes has some solos or solis, often very simple. ²²²
/m/02sjf5	Jerome Bernard \"Jerry\" Orbach was an American actor and singer, known on television for his starring role as Detective Lennie Briscoe in Law & Order and his recurring role as Harry McGraw in Murder, She Wrote, as well as for film roles such as Gus Levy in Prince of the City, Dr. Jake Houseman in Dirty Dancing and as the voice of Lumière in Disney's Beauty and the Beast. Orbach was equally noted as a musical theatre star, creating roles such as El Gallo in The Fantasticks, the longest-running musical play in history; Chuck Baxter in Promises, Promises; Julian Marsh in 42nd Street; and Billy Flynn in Chicago.
/m/0dqmt0	Avinoam \"Avi\" Lerner is a film producer, primarily of American action movies.
/m/02g87m	Jason Matthew Biggs is an American actor best known for his role as Jim Levenstein in the American Pie series of teen comedy films and the current voice of Leonardo in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and plays Larry Bloom in Orange Is the New Black.
/m/02r_pp	The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American film, an offbeat comedy or black comedy directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Jack Trevor Story. The Trouble with Harry was released in the United States on October 3, 1955, then rereleased in 1984 once the distribution rights had been acquired by Universal Pictures. The film starred John Forsythe and Edmund Gwenn; Shirley MacLaine and Jerry Mathers co-starred, both in their first film roles.\nThe action in The Trouble with Harry takes place during a sun-filled autumn in the Vermont countryside. The fall foliage and the beautiful scenery around the village, as well as Bernard Herrmann's light-filled score, all set an idyllic tone. The story is about how the residents of a small Vermont village react when the dead body of a man named Harry is found on a hillside. The film is, however, not really a murder mystery; it is essentially a romantic comedy with thriller overtones, in which the corpse serves as a Macguffin. Four village residents end up working together to solve the problem of what to do with Harry. In the process the younger two fall in love and become a couple, soon to be married. The older two residents also fall in love.
/m/09px1w	Akiva D. \"Kiv\" Schaffer is an American writer for Saturday Night Live, film director, songwriter, member of The Lonely Island and actor.
/m/0f8l9c	France, officially the French Republic, is a sovereign country in Western Europe that includes overseas regions and territories. Metropolitan France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. It is one of only three countries to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines. Due to its shape, it is often referred to in French as l’Hexagone.\nFrance is the largest country in Western Europe and the European Union, and the third-largest in Europe as a whole. With a total population of around 66 million, it is the third most-populous European country. France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris, the nation's largest city and the main cultural and commercial centre. The current Constitution of France, adopted by referendum on 4 October 1958, establishes the country as secular and democratic, with its sovereignty derived from the people. The nation's ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, one of the world's earliest documents on human rights, which was formulated during the seminal French Revolution of the late 18th century.
/m/09m6kg	A Beautiful Mind is a 2001 American biographical drama film based on the life of John Nash, a Nobel Laureate in Economics. The film was directed by Ron Howard, from a screenplay written by Akiva Goldsman. It was inspired by a bestselling, Pulitzer Prize-nominated 1998 book of the same name by Sylvia Nasar. The film stars Russell Crowe, along with Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Judd Hirsch, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, and Christopher Plummer in supporting roles. The story begins in the early years of a young prodigy named John Nash. Early in the film, Nash begins to develop paranoid schizophrenia and endures delusional episodes while painfully watching the loss and burden his condition brings on his wife and friends.\nThe film opened in the United States cinemas on December 21, 2001. It went to gross over $313 million worldwide and to win four Academy Awards, for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress. It was also nominated for Best Actor, Best Film Editing, Best Makeup, and Best Original Score.\nIt was well received by critics, but has been criticized for its inaccurate portrayal of some aspects of Nash's life, especially his other family and a son born out of wedlock. However, the filmmakers have stated that the film was not meant to be a literal representation.
/m/086k8	Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., formerly known as Warner Bros. Studios, commonly referred to as Warner Bros., or simply WB—is an American producer of film, television, and music entertainment.\nOne of the major film studios, it is a subsidiary of Time Warner, with its headquarters in Burbank, California and New York. Warner Bros. has several subsidiary companies, including Warner Bros. Studios, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, Warner Bros. Television, Warner Bros. Animation, Warner Home Video, New Line Cinema, TheWB.com, and DC Entertainment. Warner owns half of The CW Television Network.\nWarner Bros. is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America.
/m/014dm6	Ken Burns appeared in the documentary film Plimpton! Starring George Plimpton As Himself.
/m/034qg	A firearm is a portable gun, being a barreled weapon that launches one or more projectiles often defined by the action of an explosive. The first primitive firearms were invented in 13th century China when the man portable fire lance was combined with projectiles such as scrap metal, broken porcelain, or darts/arrows. The technology gradually spread through the rest of East Asia, South Asia, Middle East and then into Europe. In older firearms, the propellant was typically black powder, but modern firearms use smokeless powder or other propellants. Most modern firearms have rifled barrels to impart spin to the projectile for improved flight stability.\nModern firearms are typically described by their bore diameter or calibre or gauge, the type of action employed together with the usual means of deportment. They may be further distinguished by reference to the type of barrel used and the barrel length, the design's primary intended target, or the commonly accepted name for a particular variation.
/m/0m31m	Joseph Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes is an English film and stage actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love, Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth, Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates, Martin Luther in Luther, Merlin in Camelot, Mark Benford in the 2009 TV series FlashForward and for starring as Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story.
/m/03k7dn	Denison University is a private, coeducational, and residential liberal arts college in Granville, Ohio, United States, about 30 miles east of Columbus, the state capital. Founded in 1831, it is Ohio's second-oldest liberal arts college. Denison is a member of the Five Colleges of Ohio, the Great Lakes Colleges Association, and the North Coast Athletic Conference.
/m/02r858_	The Sweet Hereafter is a 1997 Canadian film written and directed by Atom Egoyan. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Russell Banks.
/m/01q3_2	Kenneth Clark \"Kenny\" Loggins is an American singer and songwriter. He is known for soft rock music beginning during the 1970s, and later for writing and performing for movie soundtracks in the 1980s. Originally a part of the duo Loggins and Messina, he became a solo artist and has written songs for other artists.
/m/016clz	Alternative rock is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular by the 1990s. The 'alternative' definition refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music, expressed primarily in a distorted guitar sound, transgressive lyrics and generally a nonchalant, defiant attitude. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style, or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, \"alternative\" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock.\nAlternative rock is a broad umbrella term consisting of music that differs greatly in terms of its sound, its social context, and its regional roots. By the end of the 1980s magazines and zines, college radio airplay, and word of mouth had increased the prominence and highlighted the diversity of alternative rock, helping to define a number of distinct styles such as gothic rock, jangle pop, noise pop, C86, Madchester, industrial rock, and shoegazing. Most of these subgenres had achieved minor mainstream notice and a few bands representing them, such as Hüsker Dü and R.E.M., had even signed to major labels. But most alternative bands' commercial success was limited in comparison to other genres of rock and pop music at the time, and most acts remained signed to independent labels and received relatively little attention from mainstream radio, television, or newspapers. With the breakthrough of Nirvana and the popularity of the grunge and Britpop movements in the 1990s, alternative rock entered the musical mainstream and many alternative bands became commercially successful.
/m/0bwfn	New York University is a private, nonsectarian American research university based in New York City. Founded in 1831, NYU is now one of the largest private universities in the United States. Its main campus is located at Washington Square in Greenwich Village, and it also has several other campuses in the United States and abroad.
/m/0l76z	Sex and the City is an American television romantic sit-com created by Darren Star and produced by HBO. Broadcast from 1998 until 2004, the original run of the show had a total of 94 episodes. Throughout its six-year run, the show received contributions from various producers, writers and directors, perhaps most significantly from Michael Patrick King.\nSet and filmed in New York City and based on the book of the same name by Candace Bushnell, the show follows the lives of a group of four women—three in their mid-thirties and one in her forties—who, throughout their different natures and ever-changing sex lives, remain inseparable and confide in each other. Starring Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis, and Cynthia Nixon, the quirky series had multiple continuing storylines that tackled relevant and modern social issues such as sexuality, safe sex, promiscuity, and femininity while exploring the difference between friendships and romantic relationships.\nThe series received both acclaim and criticism for its subjects and characters, and spawned two feature films, Sex and the City and its sequel Sex and the City 2, and a prequel series by The CW, The Carrie Diaries. It also won seven of its 54 Emmy Award nominations, eight of its 24 Golden Globe Award nominations, and three of its 11 Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. Sex and the City still airs in syndication worldwide and has been listed on Entertainment Weekly's end-of-the-decade \"best of\" list and as one of Time magazine's 100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME. The show placed #5 on Entertainment Weekly's \"New TV Classics\" list.
/m/0fwc0	Norfolk is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 242,803; in 2013, the population was estimated to be 246,392 making it the second-most populous city in Virginia, behind neighboring Virginia Beach.\nNorfolk is located at the core of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area, named for the large natural harbor of the same name located at the mouth of Chesapeake Bay. It is one of nine cities and seven counties that constitute the Hampton Roads metro area, officially known as the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC MSA. The city is bordered to the west by the Elizabeth River and to the north by the Chesapeake Bay. It also shares land borders with the independent cities of Chesapeake to its south and Virginia Beach to its east. One of the oldest of the cities in Hampton Roads, Norfolk is considered to be the historic, urban, financial, and cultural center of the region.\nThe city has a long history as a strategic military and transportation point. The largest Navy base in the world, Naval Station Norfolk, is located in Norfolk along with one of NATO's two Strategic Command headquarters. The city also has the corporate headquarters of Norfolk Southern Railway, one of North America's principal Class I railroads, and Maersk Line, Limited, who manages the world's largest fleet of US-flag vessels. As the city is bordered by multiple bodies of water, Norfolk has many miles of riverfront and bayfront property. It is linked to its neighbors by an extensive network of Interstate highways, bridges, tunnels, and three bridge-tunnel complexes—the only bridge-tunnels in the United States.
/m/01pgk0	Jennifer Love Hewitt is an American actress, producer, author, television director and singer-songwriter. Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series Kids Incorporated. She rose to fame in teenage popular culture in her roles in the Fox series Party of Five as Sarah Reeves Merrin, and films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel as Julie James.\nHewitt starred on the hit CBS television program Ghost Whisperer as Melinda Gordon, for which she won a Saturn Award in 2007 and 2008 for Best Actress on Television. She starred in the Lifetime television series, The Client List, and was previously nominated for a Golden Globe Award for the pilot movie. In addition to acting, she has served as a producer on some of her film and television projects.\nAs a singer, Hewitt has been signed by Atlantic Records and Jive Records, and is primarily known for her recordings in the pop genre. Her most successful single on the Billboard Hot 100 is the 1999 release \"How Do I Deal\", which peaked at No. 59. She has also contributed music to the promotion or soundtracks of acting projects.
/m/02m4yg	The Bachelor of Engineering commonly abbreviated as is an undergraduate academic degree awarded to a student after three to five years of studying engineering at university or college. The nature of the qualification varies around the world, hence it may or may not be a professional degree and it may or may not involve undertaking some engineering work. The course may or may not be accredited by a national professional society.\nMost universities in the United States award the Bachelor of Science Engineering, Bachelor of Engineering Science, Bachelor of Science in Engineering, or Bachelor of Applied Science degree to undergraduate students of engineering study. For example, Canada is the only country that awards the BASc degree for graduating engineers. Other institutions award engineering degrees specific to the area of study, such as BSEE and BSME\nA less common variety of the degree is Baccalaureus in Arte Ingeniaria, a Latin name meaning Bachelor in the Art of Engineering. It is awarded by the University of Dublin, Ireland and is more commonly referred to as Bachelor of Engineering; some South African Universities refer to their Engineering degrees as B.Ing..
/m/026n998	Frederick Johnson is an American soap opera writer.
/m/030dr	Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St. Alban, QC, was an English philosopher, statesman, scientist, jurist, orator, essayist, and author. He served both as Attorney General and Lord Chancellor of England. After his death, he remained extremely influential through his works, especially as philosophical advocate and practitioner of the scientific method during the scientific revolution.\nBacon has been called the creator of empiricism. His works established and popularised inductive methodologies for scientific inquiry, often called the Baconian method, or simply the scientific method. His demand for a planned procedure of investigating all things natural marked a new turn in the rhetorical and theoretical framework for science, much of which still surrounds conceptions of proper methodology today.\nBacon was knighted in 1603, and created Baron Verulam in 1618 and Viscount St. Alban in 1621; as he died without heirs, both peerages became extinct upon his death. He famously died by contracting pneumonia while studying the effects of freezing on the preservation of meat.
/m/02zsn	Female (♀) is the sex of an organism, or a part of an organism, which produces ova (egg cells). The ova are defined as the larger gametes in a heterogamous reproduction system, while the smaller, usually motile gamete, the spermatozoon, is produced by the male. A female individual cannot reproduce sexually without access to the gametes of a male (an exception is parthenogenesis). Some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
/m/039v1	A guitarist is a person who plays the guitar. Guitarists may play a variety of guitar family instruments such as classical guitars, acoustic guitars, electric guitars, and bass guitars. Some guitarists accompany themselves on the guitar by singing or playing the harmonica.
/m/081mh	West Virginia (/ˌwɛstvɚˈdʒɪnjə/(helpinfo)) is a state in the Appalachian, Upland South, and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, bordered by Virginia on the southeast, Kentucky on the southwest, Ohio on the northwest, and Pennsylvania and Maryland on the northeast. The capital and largest city is Charleston.  Historically the area now occupying West Virginia had a separate identity from the early days of pioneering settlement. The early British American settlers called the area Vandalia. After the American Revolution the settlers of the area sought the status of an individual state of the union under the name Westsylvania, but their attempts were blocked by Virginia which claimed most of the area, and Pennsylvania which claimed a small part of the area.  After the Wheeling Conventions, West Virginia broke away from Virginia during the American Civil War and was admitted to the Union as a separate state on June 20, 1863, and was a key Civil War border state. It is one of only two states formed during the American Civil War (along with Nevada, which separated from Utah Territory) and is the only state to form by seceding from a Confederate state and one of three states to secede from another state (the others being Kentucky and Maine).  The Census Bureau considers West Virginia part of the South because most of the state is south of the Mason-Dixon Line. The northern panhandle, however, extends adjacent to Pennsylvania and Ohio with the West Virginia city of Weirton on a parallel with Pittsburgh, while Bluefield is less than seventy miles from North Carolina and Harper's Ferry is considered to be a part of the Washington D.C. metropolitan area. The unique position of West Virginia means that it is often included in a wide variety of geographical regions, including the Southeastern United States and even the Northeastern United States. Notably, it is the only state which entirely lies within the area served by the Appalachian Regional Commission, which is a common definition of Appalachia.[4]  The state is noted for its great natural beauty, its historically significant logging and coal mining industries, and its labor history. It is also known for a wide range of outdoor recreational opportunities, including skiing, whitewater rafting, rock climbing, caving, fishing, hiking, mountain biking, and hunting.
/m/04qw17	Vera Drake is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh, telling the story of a working-class woman in London in 1950 who performs illegal abortions. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival and it was nominated for three Academy Awards and won three BAFTAs.
/m/01nv4h	The pound sterling, commonly known simply as the pound, is the official currency of the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, the British Antarctic Territory and Tristan da Cunha. It is subdivided into 100 pence. A number of nations that do not use sterling also have currencies called the pound.\nThe British Crown dependencies of Guernsey and Jersey produce their own local issues of sterling: 'Guernsey pound' and 'Jersey pound'. The pound sterling is also used in the Isle of Man, Gibraltar, the Falkland Islands, and Saint Helena and Ascension Island in Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. Manx, Gibraltar, Falkland Islands and Saint Helena pounds are separate currencies, pegged at parity to the pound sterling. Within the UK, some banks operating in Scotland and Northern Ireland produce private sterling denominated banknotes.\nSterling is the fourth most traded currency in the foreign exchange market, after the United States dollar, the euro, and the Japanese yen. Together with those three currencies it forms the basket of currencies which calculate the value of IMF special drawing rights, with an 11.3% weighting as of 2011. Sterling is also the third most held reserve currency in global reserves.
/m/017v71	Wellesley College is a private women's liberal-arts college in the town of Wellesley, Massachusetts, United States, west of Boston. Founded in 1870, Wellesley is a member of the original Seven Sisters Colleges and is consistently ranked among the top 10 liberal arts colleges in the United States. In 2011, The Best 376 Colleges named Wellesley’s faculty number one in the country. The College enrolls approximately 2,400 students from all 50 states and 75 countries.
/m/0y_pg	Ghost is a 1990 American romantic fantasy-thriller film starring Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, Tony Goldwyn, and Whoopi Goldberg. It was written by Bruce Joel Rubin and directed by Jerry Zucker. The plot centers on a young woman in jeopardy and the ghost of her murdered lover, who tries to save her with the help of a reluctant psychic.\nThe film was an outstanding commercial success, grossing over $505.7 million at the box office on a budget of $22 million. It was the highest-grossing film of 1990. Adjusted for inflation, Ghost is currently the 91st-highest-grossing film of all time.\nThe film was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Score and Best Film Editing. It won the awards for Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay. Swayze and Moore both received Golden Globe Award nominations for their performances, while Goldberg won the BAFTA, Golden Globe, and Saturn Awards in addition to the Oscar.
/m/04991x	Football Club des Girondins de Bordeaux is a French association football club based in the city of Bordeaux. The club currently play in Ligue 1, the first division of French football, and won its last Ligue 1 title in the 2008–09 season.\nBordeaux was founded in 1881 as a multi-sports club and is one of the most successful football clubs in France. The club has won six Ligue 1 titles, which is the joint fourth-most in its history. Bordeaux have also won four Coupe de France titles, three Coupe de la Ligue titles, and three Trophée des champions. The club has the honour of having appeared in the most finals in the Coupe de la Ligue, having appeared in six of the 16 finals contested. Bordeaux plays its home games at the Stade Chaban Delmas, named after the former mayor of Bordeaux, Jacques Chaban-Delmas. The facility was previously known as the Parc Lescure and seats 34,362. The club is currently in negotiations to build a new stadium, which will seat 42,000. The city of Bordeaux is listed as a site for UEFA Euro 2016 in the French bid to host.
/m/0b7xl8	Emanuel \"Manny\" Azenberg is an award-winning American theatre producer and general manager whose professional relationship with playwright Neil Simon spans thirty-three years.
/m/01k_mc	Luther Ronzoni Vandross was an American singer-songwriter and record producer. Throughout his career, Vandross was an in demand background vocalist for several different artists including Chaka Khan, Bette Midler, Diana Ross, Barbra Streisand, and Donna Summer. He later became the lead singer of the group Change which released its certified gold debut album, The Glow of Love, in 1980 on Warner Bros. Records. After Vandross left the group, he was signed to Epic Records as a solo artist and released his debut solo album, Never Too Much in 1981.\nHis hit songs include, \"Never Too Much\", \"Here and Now\", \"Any Love\", \"Power of Love/Love Power\", \"I Can Make It Better\" and \"For You to Love\". Many of his songs were covers of original music by other artists such as \"If This World Were Mine\", \"Since I Lost My Baby\", \"Superstar\" and \"Always and Forever\". Duets such as \"The Closer I Get to You\" with Beyoncé, \"Endless Love\" with Mariah Carey and \"The Best Things in Life Are Free\" with Janet Jackson were all hits in his career.\nDuring his career, Vandross sold over 25 million records worldwide and received eight Grammy Awards including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four different times. He won four Grammy Awards in 2004 including the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for a song recorded not long before his death, \"Dance with My Father\". The song was co-written with Vandross' friend and protégé, Richard Marx.
/m/03n93	Howard Robard Hughes, Jr. was an American business magnate, investor, aviator, aerospace engineer, film maker and philanthropist. He was one of the wealthiest people in the world. As a maverick film producer, Hughes gained prominence in Hollywood from the late 1920s, making big-budget and often controversial films like The Racket, Hell's Angels, Scarface, and The Outlaw.\nHughes was one of the most influential aviators in history: he set multiple world air speed records, built the Hughes H-1 Racer and H-4 \"Hercules\", and acquired and expanded Trans World Airlines, which later merged with American Airlines. Hughes is also remembered for his eccentric behavior and reclusive lifestyle in later life, caused in part by a worsening obsessive–compulsive disorder and chronic pain. His legacy is maintained through the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
/m/0261x8t	Kimberly Noel \"Kim\" Kardashian is an American television personality, fashion designer, model, and actress. Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, she first garnered media attention through her then-friend Paris Hilton. In 2007, Kardashian came to prominence after a sex tape with her then-boyfriend Ray J was leaked. Later that year, she and her family were commissioned to star in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Its success has led to the creation of spin-offs including Kourtney and Kim Take New York and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami. In 2010, Kardashian was named the highest-paid reality television personality, with estimated earnings of $6 million.\nIn August 2011, Kardashian married basketball player Kris Humphries in a widely publicized ceremony. After 72 days of marriage, she filed for a divorce, which was finalized in June 2013 with an undisclosed settlement. The same month, Kardashian gave birth to a daughter, North, from her relationship with rapper Kanye West. She began dating West in April 2012, and they became engaged in October 2013.\nWith sisters Kourtney and Khloé, Kardashian is involved in the retail and fashion industries. They have launched several clothing collections and fragrances, and additionally released the book Kardashian Konfidential in 2010.
/m/07l8x	The Texas Rangers are a professional baseball team located in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, based in Arlington, Texas. The Rangers franchise is currently a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since 1994, the Rangers have played in Globe Life Park in Arlington in Arlington, Texas. The team's name is borrowed from the famous law enforcement agency of the same name.\nThe franchise was established in 1961 as the Washington Senators, an expansion team awarded to Washington, D.C., after the city's first ballclub, the original Washington Senators, moved to Minnesota and became the Twins. After the 1971 season, the new Senators moved to Arlington, Texas, and debuted as the Rangers the following spring.\nThe Texas Rangers Baseball Club has made six appearances in the MLB postseason, five following division championships in 1996, 1998, 1999, 2010, and 2011, and as a Wild Card team in 2012. In 2010, the Rangers advanced past the Division Series for the first time, defeating the Tampa Bay Rays. Texas then brought home their first American League Pennant after beating the New York Yankees in six games. In the 2010 World Series, the franchise's first, the Rangers fell to the San Francisco Giants in five games. Their lone victory made them the first Texas team to win a World Series game, as the Houston Astros were swept in their 2005 World Series appearance. They repeated as American League champions the following year, then lost the 2011 World Series to the St. Louis Cardinals in seven games.
/m/041p3y	United Artists Records was a record label founded by Max E. Youngstein of United Artists in 1957 initially to distribute records of its movie soundtracks, though it soon branched out into recording music of a number of different genres.
/m/04sx9_	Peter Riegert is an American actor, screenwriter, and film director, best known for his roles as Boon from Animal House, the fast talking gangster Aldo in Oscar, the tough Lt. Kellaway in The Mask, and crooked New Jersey State Assemblyman Ronald Zellman on the HBO original series The Sopranos, and \"Mac\" MacIntyre, in Local Hero.
/m/0124k9	The Larry Sanders Show is an American television sitcom set in the office and studio of a fictional late-night talk show. It was created by Garry Shandling and Dennis Klein and aired from August 1992 to May 1998 on the HBO cable television network. It stars Shandling, Jeffrey Tambor, Janeane Garofalo and Rip Torn and features celebrities playing exaggerated, self-parodying versions of themselves. The show has its roots in Shandling's stand-up comedy background, his experience as a guest host on The Tonight Show and his earlier sitcom It's Garry Shandling's Show. It has had a marked and long-lasting influence on HBO as well as on television shows in America and Britain such as Curb Your Enthusiasm, 30 Rock and The Office.\nThe series ranked 38 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time, the only HBO comedy to make the list. It was also included in Time magazine's list of the \"100 Best TV Shows of All Time.\"\nThe show won 24 major awards, including three Primetime Emmy Awards, five CableACE Awards, four American Comedy Awards, two British Comedy Awards, a BAFTA Award and a Satellite Award. It also received 86 nominations, including 56 Primetime Emmy Awards nominations, five Directors Guild of America nominations, six Writers' Guild of America nominations, six American Comedy Awards nominations, three Golden Globe nominations, three Satellite Awards nominations and a GLAAD Award nomination.
/m/0k4bc	Shane is a 1953 American Western film from Paramount. It was produced and directed by George Stevens from a screenplay by A. B. Guthrie, Jr., based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Jack Schaefer. Its Oscar-winning cinematography was by Loyal Griggs. The film stars Alan Ladd, Jean Arthur and Van Heflin, and features Brandon deWilde, Elisha Cook, Jr., Jack Palance and Ben Johnson.\nShane was listed #45 in the 2007 edition of AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies list and #3 on AFI's 10 Top 10 in the category Western.
/m/03s0w	Iowa is a U.S. state in the Midwestern United States, a region sometimes called the \"American Heartland\". Iowa is bordered by the Mississippi River on the east and the Missouri River and the Big Sioux River on the west; it is the only US state whose eastern and western borders are formed entirely by rivers. Iowa is bordered by Wisconsin and Illinois to the east, Missouri to the south, Nebraska and South Dakota to the west, and Minnesota to the north.\nIn colonial times, Iowa was a part of French Louisiana; its current state flag is patterned after the flag of France. After the Louisiana Purchase, settlers laid the foundation for an agriculture-based economy in the heart of the Corn Belt.\nIn the latter half of the 20th century, Iowa's agricultural economy made the transition to a diversified economy of advanced manufacturing, processing, financial services, information technology, biotechnology, and green energy production. Iowa is the 26th most extensive in land area and the 30th most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital and largest city is Des Moines. Iowa has been listed as one of the safest states in which to live.
/m/018n6m	Melissa Arnette \"Missy\" Elliott is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, and record producer. Her first major success came as a songwriter with childhood friend and producer Timbaland on projects for Aaliyah, Total, SWV, and 702. As a record producer and songwriter, she has worked with the likes of Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, and Janet Jackson, as well as contemporary artists Keyshia Cole, Ciara, G Dragon and Monica.\nIn the late 1990s, Elliott expanded her career as a solo artist and female rapper, eventually winning five Grammy Awards and selling over 30 million records in the United States. Elliott is the only female rapper to have six albums certified platinum by the RIAA, including one double platinum for her 2002 album Under Construction.\nElliott is also known for a series of hits and diverse music videos, including \"The Rain\", \"Hot Boyz\", \"Get Ur Freak On\", \"Work It\", and the Grammy award-winning video for \"Lose Control.\"
/m/01s1zk	Wyclef Jeanelle Jean is a three-time Grammy Award-winning Haitian-American rapper, singer-songwriter, musician, record producer, and politician. At age nine, Jean moved to the USA with his family and has spent much of his life in the country. He first received fame as a member of the acclaimed New Jersey hip hop group the Fugees.\nOn August 5, 2010, Jean filed for candidacy in the 2010 Haitian presidential election, although the Electoral Commission subsequently ruled him ineligible to stand as he had not met the requirement to have been resident in Haiti for five years.\nJean's efforts at earthquake relief, highly publicized in 2010 throughout Haiti and the United States, were channeled through his charitable organization, Yéle Haiti. The charity, which performed a variety of charitable works in Haiti between 2005 and 2010, effectively closed in 2012 after much controversy.
/m/0jt3tjf	Kyrgyzstan, officially the Kyrgyz Republic, is a country located in Central Asia. Landlocked and mountainous, Kyrgyzstan is bordered by Kazakhstan to the north, Uzbekistan to the west, Tajikistan to the southwest and China to the east. Its capital and largest city is Bishkek.\nDespite Kyrgyzstan's struggle for political stabilization among ethnic conflicts, revolts, economic troubles, transitional governments, and political party conflicts, it maintains a unitary parliamentary republic.\nA revolution in April 2010 overthrew the former president Kurmanbek Bakiyev and resulted in the adoption of a new constitution and the appointment of an interim government. Elections for the Kyrgyz Supreme Chancellor were held in November 2011.\nThe national language, Kyrgyz, is closely related to the other Turkic languages, with which it shares strong cultural and historical ties. Kyrgyzstan is one of the active members of the Turkic Council and the TÜRKSOY community. Kyrgyzstan is also a member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, Commonwealth of Independent States, the Eurasian Economic Community, the Non-aligned movement and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
/m/07cjqy	Justin Jacob Long is an American actor, known for his roles in the films Jeepers Creepers, Galaxy Quest, Dodgeball, Accepted, Alvin and the Chipmunks, and Live Free or Die Hard, for his role as Warren Cheswick on the NBC TV series Ed, and for his appearances with John Hodgman in TV commercials for Apple's \"Get a Mac\" advertising campaign.
/m/0184jc	Guy Edward Pearce is an English-born Australian actor and musician, known for his roles in The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, L.A. Confidential, Memento, The King's Speech, Lockout, Prometheus, and Iron Man 3. He also played Mike Young in the Australian television series Neighbours, and has won an Emmy Award and received nominations for Golden Globe Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, and Saturn Awards.
/m/01vwyqp	Anna Mae Bullock, known by her stage name Tina Turner, is a singer, dancer, actress, and author, whose career has spanned more than half a century, earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards. Born and raised in the American South, she is now a Swiss citizen.\nShe began her musical career in the mid-1950s as a featured singer with Ike Turner's Kings of Rhythm, first recording in 1958 under the name \"Little Ann\". Her introduction to the public as Tina Turner began in 1960 as a member of the Ike & Tina Turner Revue. Success followed with a string of notable hits credited to the duo, including \"A Fool in Love\", \"River Deep – Mountain High\", \"Proud Mary\" and \"Nutbush City Limits\" all recorded with \"The Ikettes\"., a song which she wrote. In her autobiography, I, Tina, she revealed several instances of severe domestic abuse against her by Ike Turner prior to their 1976 split and subsequent 1978 divorce. Raised as a Baptist, she melded her faith with Buddhism in 1974, crediting the religion and its spiritual chant of Nam Myoho Renge Kyo for helping her to endure during difficult times.\nAfter her divorce from Ike Turner, she rebuilt her career through performances, though she initially struggled to make an impact on the music charts as a solo artist. In the early 1980s, she launched a comeback with another string of hits, starting in 1983 with the single \"Let's Stay Together\" followed by the 1984 release of her fifth solo album Private Dancer which became a worldwide success. \"What's Love Got to Do with It\", the most successful single from the album, was later used as the title of a biographical film adapted from her autobiography. In addition to her musical career, Turner has also experienced success in films, including a role in the 1975 rock musical Tommy and a starring role in the 1985 Mel Gibson blockbuster film Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, as well as a cameo role in the 1993 film Last Action Hero.
/m/033db3	Corbin Dean Bernsen is an American actor and director, known for his work on television. He is best known for his roles as divorce attorney Arnold Becker on the NBC drama series L.A. Law, as Dr. Alan Feinstone in The Dentist, as retired police detective Henry Spencer on the USA Network comedy-drama series Psych, and as Roger Dorn in the films Major League, Major League II, and Major League: Back to the Minors. He has also appeared regularly on other shows, including General Hospital and Cuts.
/m/01l47f5	Clinton Patrick \"Clint\" Black is an American country music singer-songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor. Signed to RCA Nashville in 1989, Black's debut album Killin' Time produced four straight number one singles on the US Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. Although his momentum gradually slowed throughout the 1990s, Black consistently charted hit songs into the 2000s. He has had more than 30 singles on the US Billboard country charts, twenty-two of which have reached number one, in addition to having released nine studio albums and several compilation albums. In 2003, Black founded his own record label, Equity Music Group. Black has also ventured into acting, having made a cameo appearance in the 1994 film Maverick, as well as a starring role in 1998's Still Holding On: The Legend of Cadillac Jack.
/m/08m4c8	Justin Chambers is an American actor and former fashion model, best known for his role as Dr. Alex Karev in the ABC medical drama series Grey's Anatomy.
/m/0bmhvpr	The Descendants is a 2011 comedy-drama film written by Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon, Jim Rash and directed by  Alexander Payne.
/m/02s2wq	Robert Kelly \"Rob\" Thomas is an American rock recording artist and songwriter. He is the primary songwriter and lead singer of the band Matchbox Twenty. Thomas also records and performs as a solo artist. Thomas earned three Grammy awards for co-writing and singing on the Carlos Santana triple-platinum hit \"Smooth\", on the album Supernatural in 1999.\nHe has also lent his songwriting talents to such artists as Tom Petty, Willie Nelson, Mick Jagger, Marc Anthony, Pat Green, Taylor Hicks, Travis Tritt and Daughtry.\nSince 1995, his band has released a string of hit singles to radio including \"Push\", \"3 A.M.\", \"Real World\", \"Back 2 Good\", \"Bent\", \"If You're Gone\", \"Mad Season\", \"Disease\", \"Unwell\", \"Bright Lights\", \"How Far We've Come\", and \"She's So Mean\". In 2004, the Songwriters Hall of Fame awarded Thomas its first Starlight Award, recognizing young songwriters who have already had a lasting influence in the music industry.
/m/01tbp	Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering that applies the natural sciences and life sciences together with mathematics and economics to production, transformation, transportation and proper usage of chemicals, materials and energy. It essentially deals with the engineering of chemicals, energy and the processes that create and/or convert them. Modern chemical engineers are concerned with processes that convert raw-materials or chemicals into more useful or valuable forms. In addition, they are also concerned with pioneering valuable materials and related techniques – which are often essential to related fields such as nanotechnology, fuel cells and bioengineering. Within chemical engineering, two broad subgroups include design, manufacture, and operation of plants and machinery in industrial chemical and related processes and development of new or adapted substances for products ranging from foods and beverages to cosmetics to cleaners to pharmaceutical ingredients, among many other products.
/m/088_kf	Unione Sportiva Grosseto Football Club is a professional Italian association football club, based in the city of Grosseto, Tuscany. The club was founded in 1912. The team's most associated nickname is grifone, after its logo, depicting a griffon. Its colors are red and white.\nIn 2006–07 Grosseto played in Serie C1 and placed first in division A, earning a direct promotion to Serie B.\n2007–08 marked the team's first-ever appearance in Serie B.
/m/0vp5f	Saginaw is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the seat of Saginaw County. Both the city of Saginaw and Saginaw County are located in the Flint/Tri-Cities region of Michigan. The city of Saginaw is located adjacent to Saginaw Charter Township and is considered part of the Tri-Cities area, along with neighboring Bay City and Midland.\nThe city of Saginaw was once a thriving lumber town in the 19th century and an important industrial city and manufacturing center throughout much of the 20th century. However, by the late 20th century, Saginaw's industry and its once-strong manufacturing presence declined, leading to increasing unemployment, crime, and a decrease in population.
/m/0fw2y	Madison is the capital of the U.S. state of Wisconsin and the county seat of Dane County. As of July 1, 2012, Madison had an estimated population of 240,323, making it the second largest city in Wisconsin, after Milwaukee, and the 81st largest in the United States. The city forms the core of the United States Census Bureau's Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Dane County and neighboring Iowa and Columbia counties. The Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area had a 2010 population of 568,593.
/m/0crx5w	Steven E. Levitan is an American director, screenwriter and producer of television comedies. He has created such TV series as Just Shoot Me!, Stark Raving Mad, Stacked, Back to You, and Modern Family.
/m/0f4dx2	Garret L. Dillahunt is an American actor. He is married to actress Michelle Hurd. Since 2010, he has played the role of Burt Chance on the Fox sitcom Raising Hope.
/m/0fcrg	North Brabant, since 2001 Brabant is also unofficially used, is a province of the Netherlands, located in the south of the country, bordered by Belgium's Antwerp and Limburg provinces in the south, the Meuse River in the north, Limburg in the east and Zeeland in the west.
/m/04kl74p	A naturally-occurring form of vitamin E, a fat-soluble vitamin with potent antioxidant properties.  Considered essential for the stabilization of biological membranes (especially those with high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids), d-alpha-Tocopherol is a potent peroxyl radical scavenger and inhibits noncompetitively cyclooxygenase activity in many tissues, resulting in a decrease in prostaglandin production.  Vitamin E also inhibits angiogenesis and tumor dormancy through suppressing vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene transcription. (NCI04)
/m/04h1rz	The Ninety-first United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1969 to January 3, 1971, during the first two years of the first administration of U.S. President Richard Nixon.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Eighteenth Census of the United States in 1960. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/0g9zljd	A Separation is a 2011 Iranian drama film written and directed by Asghar Farhadi, starring Leila Hatami, Peyman Moaadi, Shahab Hosseini, Sareh Bayat, and Sarina Farhadi. It focuses on an Iranian middle-class couple who separate, and the conflicts that arise when the husband hires a lower-class care giver for his elderly father, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease.\nA Separation won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 2012, becoming the first Iranian film to win the award. It received the Golden Bear for Best Film and the Silver Bears for Best Actress and Best Actor at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival, becoming the first Iranian film to win the Golden Bear. It also won the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film. The film was nominated for the Best Original Screenplay Academy Award, making it the first non-English film in five years to achieve this.
/m/01x1fq	Angelo Badalamenti is an American composer, best known for his work scoring films for director David Lynch, notably Blue Velvet, the Twin Peaks saga and Mulholland Drive. He received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the World Soundtrack Awards in 2008.
/m/02qvyrt	The Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music is an annual award given by British Academy of Film and Television Arts. With seven wins out of fifteen nominations, John Williams is both the most nominated and most awarded in this category. Ennio Morricone is the only composer to win in consecutive years; for The Mission in 1986 and The Untouchables in 1987. Morricone also has the highest \"perfect score\", with five wins from five nominations.
/m/05zlld0	Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers toy line. The film, which combines computer animation with live-action, is directed by Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer. It is the first installment of the live-action Transformers film series. It stars Shia LaBeouf as Sam Witwicky, a teenager who gets caught up in a war between the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, two factions of alien robots who can disguise themselves by transforming into everyday machinery. The Autobots intend to use the AllSpark, the object that created their robotic race, in an attempt to rebuild Cybertron and end the war while the Decepticons desire control of the AllSpark with the intention of using it to build an army by giving life to the machines of Earth. Tyrese Gibson, Josh Duhamel, Anthony Anderson, Megan Fox, Rachael Taylor, John Turturro and Jon Voight also star, while voice actors Peter Cullen and Hugo Weaving voice Optimus Prime and Megatron respectively.\nThe film was produced by Don Murphy and Tom DeSanto. They developed the project in 2003, and DeSanto wrote a treatment. Steven Spielberg came on board the following year, hiring Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman to write the screenplay. The U.S. military and General Motors loaned vehicles and aircraft during filming, which saved money for the production and added realism to the battle scenes.
/m/0vjs6	A detective is an investigator, either a member of a law enforcement agency or a private person. The latter may be known as private investigators or \"private eyes\". Informally, and primarily in fiction, a detective is any licensed or unlicensed person who solves crimes, including historical crimes, or looks into records.
/m/05zy2cy	Tron: Legacy is a 2010 American science fiction film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures. A sequel to the 1982 science fiction film Tron, it is directed by Joseph Kosinski, produced by Tron director Steven Lisberger, and written by Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis, based on a story by Horowitz, Kitsis, Brian Klugman and Lee Sternthal. The cast includes Tron veterans Jeff Bridges and Bruce Boxleitner, who reprised their roles as Kevin Flynn and Alan Bradley, as well as Garrett Hedlund, Olivia Wilde, Beau Garrett, Michael Sheen and James Frain. The story follows Flynn's son Sam, who responds to a message from his long-lost father and is transported into a virtual reality called the Grid, where Sam, his father, and the algorithm Quorra stop the malevolent program CLU from invading the human world.\nInterest in creating a sequel for Tron arose after the film garnered a cult following. After much speculation, a concerted effort to devise Tron: Legacy began in 2005, when producers hired Klugman and Sternthal as writers for the film. Kosinski was recruited for the directing role two years later. Since he was not optimistic about Walt Disney Studios' Matrix-esque approach to the film, he opted for a loan, which he used to cultivate a prototype and conceptualize the universe of Tron: Legacy. Principal photography took place in Vancouver over 67 days, in and around the city's central business district. The majority of the film's sequences were shot in 3D, and ten companies were involved with the extensive visual effects work. Chroma keying and other techniques were used to allow more freedom in creating effects. The film score was composed by French duo Daft Punk, who incorporated orchestral sounds to their electronic music.
/m/04vn5	The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in the Miami metropolitan area. The team is part of the AFC East, or American Football Conference's East Division, in the National Football League. The Dolphins play their home games at Sun Life Stadium in the northern suburb of Miami Gardens, and have their headquarters in Davie, Florida. The Dolphins and the Atlanta Falcons are the oldest NFL franchises in the Deep South, and Miami is the oldest AFC team in that region.\nThe Dolphins team was founded by attorney/politician Joe Robbie and actor/comedian Danny Thomas. They began play in the American Football League in 1966. The region had not had a professional football team since the days of the Miami Seahawks, who played in the All-America Football Conference in 1946 before becoming the first incarnation of the Baltimore Colts. For the first few years the Dolphins full-time training camp and practice facilities were at Saint Andrew's School, a private boys boarding prep school in Boca Raton. In 1970 the Dolphins joined the NFL when the AFL–NFL merger occurred.\nThe team made its first Super Bowl appearance in Super Bowl VI, but lost to the Dallas Cowboys 24–3. In 1972, the Dolphins completed the NFL's only perfect season culminating in a Super Bowl win, winning all 14 of its regular-season games, both of its NFL playoff games, and also Super Bowl VII. The Dolphins thus became the first NFL team to accomplish a perfect regular season. The Dolphins also won Super Bowl VIII, becoming the first team to appear in three consecutive Super Bowls, and the second team to win back-to-back championships. Miami also appeared in Super Bowl XVII and Super Bowl XIX, losing both games.
/m/02825nf	Critically acclaimed director David Gordon Green takes a break from the brooding drama that defined such early efforts as George Washington and Undertow for this action-flavored buddy comedy concerning two pot-smoking friends (Seth Rogen and James Franco) who unwittingly become involved with a vicious gang of drug dealers. Judd Apatow and Shauna Robertson produce a script co-penned by star Rogen and Evan Goldberg.
/m/0175zz	Dream pop is a musical subgenre of pop rock and alternative rock.
/m/01vq3	Christmas is an annual commemoration of the birth of Jesus Christ and a widely observed cultural holiday, celebrated generally on December 25 by millions of people around the world. A feast central to the Christian liturgical year, it closes the Advent season and initiates the twelve days of Christmastide, which ends after the twelfth night. Christmas is a civil holiday in many of the world's nations, is celebrated by an increasing number of non-Christians, and is an integral part of the Christmas and holiday season.\nWhile the birth year of Jesus is estimated among modern historians to have been between 7 and 2 BC, the exact month and day of his birth are unknown. His birth is mentioned in two of the four canonical gospels. By the early-to-mid 4th century, the Western Christian Church had placed Christmas on December 25, a date later adopted in the East, although some churches celebrate on the December 25 of the older Julian calendar, which corresponds to January in the modern-day Gregorian calendar. The date of Christmas may have initially been chosen to correspond with the day exactly nine months after early Christians believed Jesus to have been conceived, or with one or more ancient polytheistic festivals that occurred near southern solstice; a further solar connection has been suggested because of a biblical verse identifying Jesus as the \"Sun of righteousness\".
/m/04n32	Louis Armstrong, nicknamed Satchmo or Pops, was an American jazz trumpeter and singer from New Orleans, Louisiana.\nComing to prominence in the 1920s as an \"inventive\" trumpet and cornet player, Armstrong was a foundational influence in jazz, shifting the focus of the music from collective improvisation to solo performance. With his instantly recognizable gravelly voice, Armstrong was also an influential singer, demonstrating great dexterity as an improviser, bending the lyrics and melody of a song for expressive purposes. He was also skilled at scat singing.\nRenowned for his charismatic stage presence and voice almost as much as for his trumpet-playing, Armstrong's influence extends well beyond jazz music, and by the end of his career in the 1960s, he was widely regarded as a profound influence on popular music in general. Armstrong was one of the first truly popular African-American entertainers to \"cross over\", whose skin color was secondary to his music in an America that was severely racially divided. He rarely publicly politicized his race, often to the dismay of fellow African-Americans, but took a well-publicized stand for desegregation during the Little Rock Crisis. His artistry and personality allowed him socially acceptable access to the upper echelons of American society that were highly restricted for a black man.
/m/05t0_2v	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a 2010 American comedy film co-written, produced and directed by Edgar Wright, based on the graphic novel series Scott Pilgrim by Bryan Lee O'Malley. The film is about a young Canadian musician named Scott Pilgrim meeting the girl of his dreams, an American delivery girl named Ramona Flowers. In order to win Ramona, Scott learns that he must defeat Ramona's \"seven evil exes\", who are coming to kill him.\nScott Pilgrim vs. the World was planned as a film after the first volume of the comic was released. Wright became attached to the project and filming began in March 2009 in Toronto. Scott Pilgrim vs. the World premiered after a panel discussion at the San Diego Comic-Con International on July 22, 2010. It received a wide release in North America on August 13, 2010, in 2,818 theaters. The film finished fifth on its first weekend of release with a total of $10.5 million. The film received generally positive reviews by critics and fans of the graphic novel, but it failed to recoup its production budget during its release in theaters, grossing $31.5 million in North America and $16 million internationally. The film has fared better on home video, becoming the top-selling Blu-ray on Amazon.com during the first day it was available and has since gained a cult following.
/m/07l8f	The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball team based in St. Petersburg, Florida. They are currently a member of the American League East Division. Since their inception, their home venue has been Tropicana Field. Their current manager is Joe Maddon.\nFollowing nearly three decades of unsuccessfully trying to gain an expansion franchise or enticing existing teams to relocate to the Tampa Bay area, an ownership group led by Vince Naimoli was approved in 1995. The Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play in the 1998 Major League Baseball season.\nTheir first decade of play, however, was marked by futility; they finished in last place in the American League East in all but the 2004 season, when they finished in fourth place. Following the 2007 season, Stuart Sternberg, who had purchased controlling interest in the team from Vince Naimoli two years earlier, changed the team's name to \"Rays\" to represent the team as \"...a beacon that radiates throughout Tampa Bay and across the entire state of Florida\". The team's largely disliked original rainbow color scheme was changed to Navy blue, Columbia blue, and gold; a new serifed logo with a stylized asymmetrical sunburst was also adopted. Save for \"Turn Back the Clock\" games, in which \"throwback\" uniforms are worn, the same logo appears on all regular and alternate home and road jerseys. A variation of the old manta ray logo was retained as a sleeve logo. Amid persistent rumors that the team may be contracted at some future date, the 2008 season saw the Tampa Bay Rays have their first winning season with a 97–65 record and win their first AL East championship. They defeated the rival Boston Red Sox to win the American League Championship, but lost to the National League champion Philadelphia Phillies in that year's World Series. Since then, the Rays won their second AL East championship in 2010 and have qualified for the postseason as a wild card team in 2011 and 2013.
/m/06_9lg	Life Insurance Corporation of India is an Indian state-owned insurance group and investment company headquartered in Mumbai. It is the largest insurance company in India with an estimated asset value of 1560481.84 crore. As of 2013 it had total life fund of Rs.1433103.14 crore with total value of policies sold of 367.82 lakh that year.\nThe company was founded in 1956 when the Parliament of India passed the Life Insurance of India Act that nationalised the private insurance industry in India. Over 245 insurance companies and provident societies were merged to create the state owned Life Insurance Corporation.
/m/02rqwhl	The Savages is a 2007 American drama film, written and directed by Tamara Jenkins. It stars Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
/m/03f0qd7	Armando Christian Pérez, better known by his stage name Pitbull, is a Cuban American recording artist and Latin Grammy winning rapper from Miami, Florida. He has released seven albums and one EP. His first recorded mainstream performance was on a solo track from Lil Jon's 2002 album Kings of Crunk, which featured Pitbull rapping over Jon's production. In 2004, Pitbull released his debut album titled M.I.A.M.I., under TVT Records; the album included production from high-profile producers Lil Jon and Jim Jonsin. Pitbull later released his second album El Mariel, in 2006 and his third, The Boatlift, in 2007. In 2009, his fourth album Rebelution, spawned the hit single \"I Know You Want Me\". Pitbull's 2011 album Planet Pit, featured the single \"Give Me Everything\", which was his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100. The song reached #1 worldwide and featured fellow artists Ne-Yo, Nayer and Afrojack. Pitbull also released \"Timber\" in October 2013 from his EP album Meltdown and was a global hit, reaching #1 in many countries and making it to #1 in US Billboard Hot 100 and #1 in UK for a total of twenty #1 positions worldwide. The song has charted worldwide making it his second one to do so.He performed the song in different award show including American music awards in which he was the host. Pitbull has performed as a featured artist on the remixes of other hit singles such as \"Tik Tok\", \"Scream & Shout\", \"Lo Hecho Esta Hecho\", \"Bad\", \"Papi\", \"Diamonds\", \"How Low\", \"Tonight\", \"Video Phone\", \"Over To You Now\", and \"Bumpy Ride\".
/m/04ztj	Marriage is a socially or ritually recognized union or legal contract between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between them, between them and their children, and between them and their in-laws. The definition of marriage varies according to different cultures, but it is principally an institution in which interpersonal relationships, usually intimate and sexual, are acknowledged. In some cultures, marriage is recommended or considered to be compulsory before pursuing any sexual activity. When defined broadly, marriage is considered a cultural universal.\nIndividuals may marry for several reasons, including: legal, social, libidinal, emotional, financial, spiritual, and religious. Who they marry may be influenced by socially determined rules of incest, prescriptive marriage rules, parental choice and individual desire. In developing areas of the world arranged marriage, child marriage, polygamy, and sometimes forced marriage, may be practiced as a cultural tradition. Conversely, such practices may be outlawed and penalized in many parts of the world out of concerns for human rights and because of international law. In developed parts of the world, there has been a general trend towards ensuring equal rights within marriage for women and legally recognizing the marriages of interracial, interfaith, and same-gender couples. Oftentimes, these trends have been motivated by a desire to establish equality and uphold human rights.
/m/047svrl	Funny People is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written, produced and directed by Judd Apatow, and starring Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen, and Leslie Mann. The film was released on July 31, 2009 in North America, and on August 28, 2009 in the United Kingdom. Funny People uses considerably more dramatic elements than seen in Apatow's previous films. The film was co-produced by Apatow Productions and Mr. Madison 23 Productions, a subsidiary of Sandler's company Happy Madison. Universal and Columbia Pictures co-financed the film and it also served as a worldwide distributor. The film received generally positive reviews, with praise for the performances of Sandler and Rogen, the script and directing. The supporting cast features Eric Bana, Jason Schwartzman, Jonah Hill and Aubrey Plaza.
/m/05tbn	Pennsylvania, officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, is a U.S. state that is located in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, and the Great Lakes region. The state borders Delaware to the southeast, Maryland to the south, West Virginia to the southwest, Ohio to the west, Lake Erie and Ontario, Canada to the northwest, New York to the north and New Jersey to the east. The Appalachian Mountains run through the middle of the state.\nPennsylvania is the 33rd most extensive, the 6th most populous, and the 9th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state's four most populous cities are Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, and Erie. The state capital is Harrisburg. Pennsylvania has 51 miles of coastline along Lake Erie and 57 miles of shoreline along the Delaware Estuary. The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States.
/m/04vrxh	Charles Edward \"Chad\" Hugo is an American musician and record producer. He is best known as one half of the music production and writing duo The Neptunes and as a member of N.E.R.D. He is a saxophonist, pianist and guitarist. Along with his production partner Pharrell Williams, he has produced numerous number-one hit tracks.
/m/046p9	Jamiroquai are a British funk and acid jazz band formed in 1992. Fronted by lead singer Jay Kay, Jamiroquai were initially the most prominent component in the London-based funk/acid jazz movement, alongside groups such as Incognito, the James Taylor Quartet, and the Brand New Heavies. Subsequent albums have explored other musical directions such as pop, rock, and electronica. Their best known track is \"Virtual Insanity\", which won four awards at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards. Jamiroquai have sold more than 40 million albums worldwide and won a Grammy Award in 1998.
/m/0pksh	Tsui Hark, born Tsui Man-kong, is a Vietnamese-Hong Kong based New Wave film director, producer and screenwriter. Tsui has produced & also directed several critically acclaimed Hong Kong films such as A Better Tomorrow; A Chinese Ghost Story; Once Upon a Time in China; and most recently, Seven Swords; Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame; and Flying Swords of Dragon Gate. He is viewed as a major figure in the Golden Age of Hong Kong cinema and has been regarded by critics as \"one of the masters of Asian cinematography.\"
/m/02x7vq	Dianne E. Wiest is an American actress on stage, television and film. She has won two Academy Awards, two Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award. Wiest has also been nominated for a BAFTA Award.
/m/05c17	New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean, 1,210 kilometres east of Australia and 16,136 kilometres east of Metropolitan France. The archipelago, part of the Melanesia subregion, includes the main island of Grande Terre, the Loyalty Islands, the Chesterfield Islands, the Belep archipelago, the Isle of Pines and a few remote islets. The Chesterfield Islands are in the Coral Sea. Locals refer to Grande Terre as \"Le Caillou\".\nNew Caledonia has a land area of 18,576 square kilometres. The population is 256,000. The population is a mix of Kanak people, White European people, Polynesian people, and South-East Asian people. The capital of the territory is Nouméa.
/m/0191n	Blue Velvet is a 1986 American mystery film written and directed by David Lynch. The movie exhibits elements of both film noir and surrealism. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rossellini, Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern. The title is taken from The Clovers' 1955 song of the same name. Although initially detested by some mainstream critics, the film is now widely acclaimed, and earned Lynch his second Academy Award nomination for Best Director. As an example of a director casting against the norm, Blue Velvet is also noted for re-launching Hopper's career and for providing Rossellini with a dramatic outlet beyond the work as a fashion model and a cosmetics spokeswoman for which she had until then been known.\nAfter the commercial and critical failure of Lynch's Dune, he made attempts at developing a more \"personal story\", somewhat characteristic of the surreal style he displayed in his debut Eraserhead. The screenplay of Blue Velvet had been passed around multiple times in the late 1970s and early 1980s, with many major studios declining it because of its strong sexual and violent content. The independent studio De Laurentiis Entertainment Group, owned at the time by Italian film producer Dino De Laurentiis, agreed to finance and produce the film. Since its initial theatrical release, Blue Velvet has achieved cult status, significant academic attention and, alongside Eraserhead and Mulholland Drive, is widely regarded as one of Lynch's finest works. It is also seen by many critics as representing a modern-day version of film-noir, \"neo-noir\", present in many thrillers from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. Blue Velvet was ranked as one of the 100 Greatest Films of All Time by Entertainment Weekly in 1999 and chosen by the American Film Institute as one of the greatest mystery films ever made.
/m/02_ssl	The center, colloquially known as the five or the post, is one of the standard positions in a regulation basketball game and is commonly abbreviated \"C\". The center is normally the tallest player on the team, and often has a great deal of strength and body mass as well. A typical NBA center is between 6'10\" and 7'3\".\nIn many cases, the center's primary role is to use his or her size to score and defend from a position close to the basket. A center who possesses size along with athleticism and skill constitutes an unparalleled asset for a team. The centers are also generally the players who are chosen to take jump balls.\nThere has been occasional controversy over what constitutes a \"true center\". For example, some would say that Tim Duncan, although listed throughout his career as a power forward, is actually a center, because of his size and style of play. Nonetheless, the judgment of whether a given player is a center or power forward is often highly subjective. Because there are currently so few people who meet the ideal size requirements of an NBA center, teams will sometimes find it necessary to play an individual at that position who would be more effective as a power forward.
/m/08wq0g	Creed Bratton is an American actor musician, and a former member of The Grass Roots. He is more recently known for playing a fictional version of himself on the American adaptation of The Office on NBC.
/m/036b_	Guinea-Bissau, officially the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, is a country in West Africa. It is bordered by Senegal to the north and Guinea to the south and east, with the Atlantic Ocean to its west. It covers 36,125 km² with an estimated population of 1,600,000.\nGuinea-Bissau was once part of the kingdom of Gabu, as well as part of the Mali Empire. Parts of this kingdom persisted until the 18th century, while a few others were part of the Portuguese Empire since the 16th century. It then became the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea in the 19th century. Upon independence, declared in 1973 and recognised in 1974, the name of its capital, Bissau, was added to the country's name to prevent confusion with Guinea. Guinea-Bissau has a history of political instability since gaining independence, and no elected president has successfully served a full five-year term. On the evening of 12 April 2012, members of the country's military staged a coup and arrested the interim president and a leading presidential candidate. The military has yet to declare a current leader for the country. However, former vice chief of staff, General Mamadu Ture Kuruma has taken care of the country in the transitional period and started negotiations with opposition parties.
/m/09y20	Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman is an English actor. He is a stage actor in modern and classical productions, and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. His breakout performance was as the Vicomte de Valmont in Les Liaisons Dangereuses, for which he was nominated for a Tony Award. Rickman is well known for his film performances as Hans Gruber in Die Hard, Sheriff of Nottingham in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Severus Snape in the Harry Potter film series, Éamon de Valera in Michael Collins, Metatron in Dogma, and Ronald Reagan in The Butler.\nRickman has also had a number of other notable film roles such as Jamie in Truly, Madly, Deeply, P.L. O'Hara in An Awfully Big Adventure and Colonel Brandon in Ang Lee's 1995 film Sense and Sensibility. More recently, he played Judge Turpin in the film adaptation of Stephen Sondheim's musical of Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. In 1995, he was awarded the Golden Globe, Emmy Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of Rasputin in Rasputin: Dark Servant of Destiny.\nAs of 2013, Rickman has won a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, an Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. He has been nominated twice for a Tony Award and several times for a BAFTA Award. In 2010, he was named one of the best actors to have never received an Academy Award nomination.
/m/06f32	Taiwan, officially the Republic of China, is a state in East Asia. Originally based in mainland China, the Republic of China now governs the island of Taiwan, which makes up over 99% of its territory, as well as Penghu, Kinmen, Matsu, and other minor islands. Neighboring states include the People's Republic of China to the west, Japan to the east and northeast, and the Philippines to the south. Taipei is the seat of the central government. New Taipei, encompassing the metropolitan area surrounding Taipei proper, is the most populous city.\nThe island of Taiwan was mainly inhabited by Taiwanese aborigines until the Dutch and Spanish settlement during the Age of Discovery in the 17th century, when ethnic Chinese began immigrating to the island. In 1662, Koxinga expelled the Dutch and established the Kingdom of Tungning. The Qing Dynasty of China later conquered Taiwan in 1683. By the time Taiwan was ceded to Japan in 1895, the majority of Taiwan's inhabitants were Han Chinese either by ancestry or by assimilation. The Republic of China was established in China in 1912. At the end of World War II in 1945, Japan surrendered Taiwan to ROC military forces on behalf of the Allies. Following the Chinese civil war, the Communist Party of China took full control of mainland China and founded the People's Republic of China in 1949. The ROC relocated its government to Taiwan, and its jurisdiction became limited to Taiwan and its surrounding islands. In 1971, the PRC assumed China's seat at the United Nations, which the ROC originally occupied. International recognition of the ROC has gradually eroded as most countries switched recognition to the PRC. Only 21 UN member states and the Holy See currently maintain formal diplomatic relations with the ROC, though it has informal ties with most other states via its representative offices.
/m/07jqjx	Oliver Twist is a 2005 family drama film written by Ronald Harwood and directed by Roman Polanski.
/m/01t6xz	Noah Strausser Speer Wyle is an American film, television and theatre actor. He is best known for his roles as Dr. John Carter in ER and as Tom Mason in Falling Skies. He has also played Steve Jobs in the 1999 docudrama Pirates of Silicon Valley, Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff in the cult hit Donnie Darko, and Flynn Carsen in The Librarian franchise. Wyle was named one of the 50 Most Beautiful People by People magazine in 2001.
/m/08815	Yale University is a private Ivy League research university located in New Haven, Connecticut.\nFounded in 1701 in the Colony of Connecticut, the university is the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States. Originally chartered as the \"Collegiate School\", the institution traces its roots to 17th-century clergymen who sought to establish a college to train clergy and political leaders for the colony. In 1718, the College was renamed \"Yale College\" to honor a gift from Elihu Yale, a governor of the British East India Company. In 1861, the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences became the first U.S. institution to award the Ph.D. Yale became a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900. Yale College was transformed, beginning in the 1930s, through the establishment of residential colleges: 12 now exist and two more are planned.\nYale employs over 1,100 faculty to teach and advise about 5,300 undergraduate and 6,100 graduate and professional students. Almost all tenured professors teach undergraduate courses, more than 2,000 of which are offered annually. The University's assets include an endowment valued at $20.80 billion as of 2013, the second-largest of any academic institution in the world. Yale's system of more than two dozen libraries holds 12.5 million volumes. Fifty-one Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the University as students, faculty, or staff. Yale has graduated many notable alumni, including five U.S. Presidents, 19 U.S. Supreme Court Justices, and many foreign heads of state.
/m/03f7nt	Collateral is a 2004 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Mann from a screenplay written by Stuart Beattie, and starring Tom Cruise as a contract killer and Jamie Foxx as a taxi driver who finds himself his hostage. The film is set in Los Angeles, California in January 2004, and the supporting cast includes Jada Pinkett Smith and Mark Ruffalo. Foxx and Cruise's performances were widely praised, with Foxx being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/049dyj	Kevin Nealon is an American actor and comedian, best known as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1986 to 1995, acting in several of the Happy Madison films, for playing Doug Wilson on the Showtime series Weeds, and providing the voice of the title character, Glenn Martin, on Glenn Martin, DDS.
/m/0c6vcj	The 32nd Academy Awards honored film achievements of 1959 on 4 April 1960.\nMGM's and director William Wyler's three and a half-hour long epic drama Ben-Hur won 11 Oscars in 1959, breaking the previous year's all-time record of nine. With its record-breaking eleven Oscar wins out of twelve nominations, it was the most honored motion picture in Academy Award history until Titanic and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King both equaled the feat in 1997 and 2003, respectively.\nBen-Hur was a re-make of MGM's own 1926 silent film of the same name, and it was the most expensive film of its time, budgeted at $15 million. Both films were based on or inspired by General Lew Wallace's novel about the rise of Christianity.\nBen-Hur was also the third film to win both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, a feat not repeated until Mystic River in 2004. Wyler became the third and, to date, last person to win more than two Best Director awards.
/m/0bnzd	In the Bedroom is a 2001 American crime drama film directed by Todd Field, and dedicated to Andre Dubus, whose short story Killings is the source material on which the screenplay, by Field and Robert Festinger, is based. The film stars Tom Wilkinson, Sissy Spacek, Nick Stahl, Marisa Tomei, and William Mapother.\nThe title refers to the rear compartment of a lobster trap known as the \"bedroom\" and the fact that it can only hold up to two lobsters before they begin to turn on each other.
/m/02fybl	Jared Leto is an American actor, singer-songwriter, musician, director, producer, activist, philanthropist, photographer and businessman. After starting his career with television appearances in the early 1990s, Leto achieved recognition for his role as Jordan Catalano on the television series My So-Called Life. He made his film debut in How to Make an American Quilt and received first notable critical praise for his performance in Prefontaine. Leto played supporting roles in The Thin Red Line, Fight Club and American Psycho, as well as the lead role in Urban Legend, and earned critical acclaim after portraying heroin addict Harry Goldfarb in Requiem for a Dream. He later began focusing increasingly on his music career, returning to acting with Panic Room, Alexander, Lord of War, Lonely Hearts, Chapter 27, and Mr. Nobody. He made his directorial debut in 2012 with the documentary film Artifact.\nLeto's performance as a transgender woman in Dallas Buyers Club received critical praise and earned him the Golden Globe Award, the Screen Actors Guild Award, the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award and a nomination for the Academy Award. Leto is considered to be a method actor, known for his constant devotion to and research of his roles. He often remains completely in character for the duration of the shooting schedules of his films, even to the point of adversely affecting his health. He is also known to be selective about his film roles.
/m/033m23	Ming-Na Wen; born November 20, 1963 is a Macau-born American actress. She has been credited with and without her family name, but most credits since the late 1990s have been without it. She has been known by such variants of her name as Ming-Na, Ming Na, Ming Na Wen and Ming Wen.\nShe is known for voicing Fa Mulan in the Mulan films and the Kingdom Hearts video game series, and as Dr. Jing-Mei \"Deb\" Chen on the NBC medical drama series ER.\nShe was a member of the cast of the show, Inconceivable, a medical drama that was aired on NBC, but the show was short-lived and was cancelled after only two episodes. The show is one of the few American television shows with an Asian American series lead. As of 2013, she stars as Melinda May in the ABC action drama series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D..\nBesides television, she is notable for starring in the films The Joy Luck Club, Street Fighter, and Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within.
/m/0h1vz	Lysine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCH(CH2)4NH2. It is an essential amino acid for humans. Lysine's codons are AAA and AAG.\nLysine is a base, as are arginine and histidine. The ε-amino group often participates in hydrogen bonding and as a general base in catalysis.\nCommon posttranslational modifications include methylation of the ε-amino group, giving methyl-, dimethyl-, and trimethyllysine. The latter occurs in calmodulin. Other posttranslational modifications at lysine residues include acetylation and ubiquitination. Collagen contains hydroxylysine, which is derived from lysine by lysyl hydroxylase. O-Glycosylation of hydroxylysine residues in the endoplasmic reticulum or Golgi apparatus is used to mark certain proteins for secretion from the cell.
/m/05qd_	Paramount Pictures Corporation is a film and television production/distribution studio, consistently ranked as one of the largest film studios. It is a subsidiary of U.S. media conglomerate Viacom, Paramount is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America. It has distributed various commercially successful film series, such as Shrek, Transformers, Mission: Impossible, Marvel Cinematic Universe, Indiana Jones, The Godfather, Star Trek, Jack Ryan, Jackass, The Bad News Bears, Beverly Hills Cop, \"Crocodile\" Dundee, Paranormal Activity, and G.I. Joe.\nIn 2014, Paramount Pictures became the first big Hollywood studio to distribute all its films in digital-form only.
/m/03q1vd	Paul Anthony Sorvino is an American actor. He often portrays authority figures on both sides of the law, and is possibly best known for his roles as Paulie Cicero, a portrayal of Paul Vario in the 1990 gangster film Goodfellas, and Sgt. Phil Cerreta on the police procedural and legal drama television series Law & Order. He is the father of actress Mira Sorvino.
/m/01qdmh	Spy Game is a 2001 American spy film directed by Tony Scott and starring Robert Redford and Brad Pitt. The film grossed $62 million in the United States and $143 million worldwide and received mostly positive reviews from film critics.
/m/028c_8	Catcher is a position for a baseball or softball player. When a batter takes his turn to hit, the catcher crouches behind home plate, in front of the umpire, and receives the ball from the pitcher. This is a catcher's primary duty, but he is also called upon to master many other skills in order to field his position well. The role of the catcher is similar to that of the wicket-keeper in cricket.\nPositioned behind home plate, the catcher can see the whole field; therefore, he is in the best position to direct and lead the other players in a defensive play. The catcher typically calls for pitches by means of hand signals; therefore, he/she must be aware of the pitcher's mechanics and strengths, as well as the batter's tendencies and weaknesses. Foul tips, bouncing balls in the dirt, and contact with runners during plays at the plate are all part of the catcher's job, so protective equipment must be worn. This includes a mask, chest and throat protectors, shin guards, and an extra-thick glove.\nBecause the position requires a comprehensive understanding of the game's strategies, the pool of former catchers yields a disproportionate number of Major and Minor-League managers, including such prominent examples as Connie Mack, Steve O'Neill, Al Lopez, Yogi Berra, Mike Scioscia, Bruce Bochy, Joe Torre, and Mike Matheny. The physical and mental strain of being involved on every defensive play can wear catchers down over a long season, and can have a negative effect on their offensive output.
/m/016h4r	Kristoffer \"Kris\" Kristofferson is an American country music singer, songwriter, musician, and film actor. He is known for such hits as \"Me and Bobby McGee\", \"For the Good Times\", \"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down\", and \"Help Me Make It Through the Night\". Kristofferson is the sole writer of most of his songs, and he has collaborated with various other figures of the Nashville scene such as Shel Silverstein. In 1985, Kristofferson joined fellow country artists Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash in forming the country music supergroup \"The Highwaymen\". In 2004, Kristofferson was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
/m/02760sl	Lisa Connor is an American soap opera writer, producer, and director. She is a writer on the ABC Daytime and The Online Network serial drama, All My Children.
/m/01zwy	Carl Edward Sagan was an American astronomer, astrophysicist, cosmologist, author, science popularizer and science communicator in astronomy and natural sciences. His contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of Venus, he also was aware of global warming as a growing, man-made danger. However, he is best known for his contributions to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages that were sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them.\nHe published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. Sagan is known for many of his popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and for the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which he narrated and co-wrote. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 400 million people across 60 different countries. The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name.
/m/048z7l	American Jews, also known as Jewish Americans, are American citizens of the Jewish faith or Jewish ethnicity. The Jewish community in the United States is composed predominantly of Ashkenazi Jews and their U.S.-born descendants, making about 90% of the American Jewish population. Minority Jewish ethnic divisions are also represented, including Sephardic Jews, Mizrahi Jews, and a number of converts. The American Jewish community manifests a wide range of Jewish cultural traditions, as well as encompassing the full spectrum of Jewish religious observance.\nAmericans of Jewish descent have been disproportionately successful in many fields and aspects over the years. The Jewish community in America has gone from a lower class minority, with most studies putting upwards of 80% as manual factory laborers prior to World War I and with the majority of fields barred to them, to the consistent richest or second richest ethnicity in America for the past 40 years in terms of average annual salary, with extremely high concentrations in academia and other fields. Depending on religious definitions and varying population data, the United States is home to the largest or second largest Jewish community in the world. In 2012, the American Jewish population was estimated at between 5.5-8 million, depending on the definition of the term.
/m/0m_mm	Giant is a 1956 American drama film, directed by George Stevens from a screenplay adapted by Fred Guiol and Ivan Moffat from the novel by Edna Ferber. The film stars Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson and James Dean and features Carroll Baker, Jane Withers, Chill Wills, Mercedes McCambridge, Dennis Hopper, Sal Mineo, Rod Taylor, Elsa Cardenas and Earl Holliman. Giant was the last of James Dean's three films as a leading actor, and earned him his second and last Academy Award nomination – he was killed in a car accident before the film was released. Nick Adams was called in to do some voice-over dubbing for Dean's role.\nIn 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0kfv9	The Sopranos is an American television series created by David Chase. Revolving around the fictional New Jersey-based Italian-American mobster Tony Soprano, the show portrays the difficulties he faces as he tries to balance the conflicting requirements of his home life and his criminal organization. These are often highlighted through his ongoing professional relationship with psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi. The series features Tony's family members and Mafia colleagues and rivals in prominent roles and story arcs, most notably his wife Carmela and his cousin and protégé Christopher Moltisanti.\nAfter a pilot was ordered in 1997, the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10, 1999, and ended its original run of six seasons and 86 episodes on June 10, 2007. The series then went through syndication and has been broadcast on A&E in the United States and internationally. The Sopranos was produced by HBO, Chase Films, and Brad Grey Television. It was primarily filmed at Silvercup Studios, New York City, and on location in New Jersey. The executive producers throughout the show's run were Chase, Brad Grey, Robin Green, Mitchell Burgess, Ilene S. Landress, Terence Winter, and Matthew Weiner.
/m/0btpx	Sharon Vonne Stone is an American actress, film producer, and former fashion model. She first achieved international recognition for her role in the erotic thriller Basic Instinct by Paul Verhoeven. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress and won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama for her performance in Casino.
/m/02t_vx	David Paymer is an American actor and television director, seen in such films as Quiz Show, Searching for Bobby Fischer, City Slickers, Crazy People, State and Main, Payback, Get Shorty, Carpool, The American President, Ocean's Thirteen, and Drag Me to Hell. Paymer was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1992 for Mr. Saturday Night. He played the lead role as the Boss in Bartleby, an adaptation of Herman Melville's \"Bartleby, the Scrivener.\" He played a mob boss in the short-lived series Line of Fire.
/m/0f7hc	Edward Regan \"Eddie\" Murphy is an American comedian, actor, writer, singer, director, and musician.\nBox-office takes from Murphy's films make him the second-highest grossing actor in the United States. He was a regular cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1980 to 1984 and has worked as a stand-up comedian. He was ranked no. 10 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time.\nHe has received Golden Globe Award nominations for his performances in 48 Hrs., Beverly Hills Cop series, Trading Places, and The Nutty Professor. In 2007, he won the Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of soul singer James \"Thunder\" Early in Dreamgirls.\nEddie Murphy's work as a voice actor includes Thurgood Stubbs in The PJs, Donkey in the Shrek series and the Chinese dragon Mushu in Disney's Mulan. In some of his films, he plays multiple roles in addition to his main character, intended as a tribute to one of his idols Peter Sellers, who played multiple roles in Dr. Strangelove and elsewhere. Murphy has played multiple roles in Coming to America, Wes Craven's Vampire in Brooklyn, the Nutty Professor films, Bowfinger, Norbit, and Meet Dave.
/m/01dtcb	Universal Music Group is the largest music corporation in the world. An American-based, French-owned multinational music corporation, it currently operates as a subsidiary of Paris-based media conglomerate Vivendi. UMG also owns Universal Music Publishing Group, which is the second largest music publishing company in the world. Universal Music Group's global corporate headquarters are located in Santa Monica, California.
/m/080h2	Vancouver, officially the City of Vancouver, is a coastal seaport city on the mainland of British Columbia, Canada. The 2011 census recorded 603,502 people in the city, making it the eighth largest Canadian municipality. Vancouver is one of the most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities in Canada; 52% of its residents have a first language other than English. The Greater Vancouver area of around 2.4 million inhabitants is the third most populous metropolitan area in the country and the most populous in Western Canada.\nThe City of Vancouver encompasses a land area of about 114 square kilometres, giving it a population density of about 5,249 people per square kilometre. Vancouver is the most densely populated Canadian municipality, and the fourth most densely populated city over 250,000 residents in North America, behind New York City, San Francisco, and Mexico City.\nThe original settlement, named Gastown, grew around the Hastings Mill logging sawmill and a nearby tavern, both established in 1867. Enlarging to become the townsite of Granville, with the announcement that the railhead would reach the site it was renamed \"Vancouver\" and incorporated as a city in 1886. By 1887, the transcontinental railway was extended to the city to take advantage of its large natural seaport, which soon became a vital link in a trade route between the Orient, Eastern Canada, and London. As of 2009, Port Metro Vancouver is the busiest and largest port in Canada, and the most diversified port in North America. While forestry remains its largest industry, Vancouver is well known as an urban centre surrounded by nature, making tourism its second-largest industry. Major film production studios in Vancouver and Burnaby have turned Metro Vancouver into one of the largest film production centres in North America, earning it the film industry nickname, Hollywood North.
/m/0d2b38	A Storyboard artist is a profession specialized in creating storyboards for advertising agencies and film productions.\nA storyboard artist is able to visualize any stories using quick sketches on paper at any moment. Quick pencil drawings and marker renderings are two of the most common traditional techniques, although nowadays Flash, Photoshop, and other storyboard applications are gradually taking over. The digital camera is one of the latest techniques in creating storyboards.\nA storyboard artist is also known as an illustrator or visualizer. They are mostly freelance artists, typically hired by art directors and film directors. Deadlines are always tight, and overnight working is very common. Typically freelance storyboard artists will belong to one or more storyboard agencies much like an illustration agency.\nSome frequently used drawing applications are Corel Painter and Adobe Photoshop. Many storyboard artists nowadays begin and finish their work on computers using software and digital pencils like Wacom.\nStoryboard artists may use photos to create visuals where stock photos or photos taken specifically for the project are put together digitally to produce a photographic representation called a photovisual.
/m/02lkcc	Michael Clarke Duncan was an American actor, best known for his breakout role as John Coffey in The Green Mile, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe. He was also recognized for his appearances in motion pictures such as Armageddon, The Whole Nine Yards, The Scorpion King and Daredevil, as well as voice acting roles in works such as Brother Bear, Kung Fu Panda & Green Lantern.
/m/0l8gh	Chamber music is a form of classical music that is composed for a small group of instruments—traditionally a group that could fit in a palace chamber. Most broadly, it includes any art music that is performed by a small number of performers, with one performer to a part. However, by definition it usually does not include solo instrument performances.\nBecause of its intimate nature, chamber music has been described as \"the music of friends.\" For more than 200 years, chamber music was played primarily by amateur musicians in their homes, and even today, when most chamber music performance has migrated from the home to the concert hall, many musicians, amateur and professional, still play chamber music for their own pleasure. Playing chamber music requires special skills, both musical and social, that differ from the skills required for playing solo or symphonic works.\nJohann Wolfgang von Goethe described chamber music as \"four rational people conversing.\" This conversational paradigm has been a thread woven through the history of chamber music composition from the end of the 18th century to the present. The analogy to conversation recurs in descriptions and analyses of chamber music compositions.
/m/0gpjbt	The 49th Annual Grammy Awards was a ceremony honoring the best in music for the recording year beginning September 15, 2005 and ending September 14, 2006 in the United States. The awards were handed out on Sunday February 11, 2007 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. The Dixie Chicks were the night's biggest winners winning a total of five awards. Mary J. Blige received the most nominations, with eight. Don Henley was honored as MusiCares Person of the Year two nights prior to the show on February 9, 2007. The show won an Emmy for \"Outstanding Lighting Direction for VMC Programming\".
/m/05xd_v	Michael George Murphy is an American film, television and stage actor. He often plays unethical or morally ambiguous characters in positions of authority, including politicians, executives and lawyers. He is also known for his frequent collaborations with director Robert Altman, having appeared in twelve films, TV series and miniseries directed by Altman from 1963 to 2004, including the title role in the miniseries Tanner '88.
/m/04w4s	Moldova, officially the Republic of Moldova is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the north, east, and south. The capital city is Chișinău.\nMoldova declared itself an independent state with the same boundaries as the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1991 as part of the dissolution of the Soviet Union. On July 29, 1994, the new constitution of Moldova was adopted. A strip of Moldova's internationally recognised territory on the east bank of the river Dniester has been under the de facto control of the breakaway government of Transnistria since 1990.\nSince the collapse of the Soviet Union, the relative weight of the service sector in the economy of Moldova started to grow and began to dominate the GDP, as a result of decrease in industry and agriculture. However, Moldova remains the poorest country in Europe.\nThe country is a parliamentary republic with a president as head of state and a prime minister as head of government. Moldova is a member state of the United Nations, Council of Europe, WTO, OSCE, GUAM, CIS, BSEC and other international organizations. Moldova currently aspires to join the European Union, and has implemented the first three-year Action Plan within the framework of the European Neighbourhood Policy.
/m/02jxbw	Glory is a 1989 American drama war film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Matthew Broderick, Denzel Washington, Cary Elwes and Morgan Freeman. The screenplay was written by Kevin Jarre, based on the personal letters of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, and the novels Lay This Laurel, by Lincoln Kirstein, and One Gallant Rush, by Peter Burchard.\nThe story is based on the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, the first formal unit of the US Army to be made up entirely of African American men, as told from the point of view of Colonel Shaw, its commanding officer during the American Civil War.\nThe film was co-produced by TriStar Pictures and Freddie Fields Productions, and distributed by Tri-Star Pictures in the United States. It premiered in limited release in the US on December 14, 1989, and in wide release on February 16, 1990, making $26,828,365. It was considered a moderate financial success taking into account its $18 million budget. The soundtrack, composed by James Horner in conjunction with the Boys Choir of Harlem, was released on January 23, 1990. The home video was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. On June 2, 2009, a widescreen Blu-ray version, featuring the director's commentary and deleted scenes, was released.
/m/0cp9f9	Matthew Weiner is an American writer, director and producer. He is the creator of the AMC television drama series Mad Men. He is also noted for his work on the HBO drama series The Sopranos, on which he served as a writer and producer during the show's fifth and sixth seasons. Weiner has received nine Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on Mad Men and The Sopranos, winning three for Mad Men, as well as three Golden Globe Awards for Mad Men. Mad Men has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series four consecutive years; The Sopranos won the same award twice. Weiner was named one of the 2011 Time 100 Most Influential People In The World. In November 2011, The Atlantic named him one of 21 \"Brave Thinkers.\"
/m/0gkz15s	The Hunger Games is a 2012 American adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins. The picture is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, with a screenplay by Ross, Collins and Billy Ray. The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Lenny Kravitz, Stanley Tucci and Donald Sutherland. The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem, where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games, a televised annual event in which the \"tributes\" are required to fight to the death until there is one remaining who will be crowned the victor. Katniss Everdeen volunteers to take her younger sister's place in the games. Joined by her district's male tribute Peeta Mellark, Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy.\nDevelopment of The Hunger Games began in March 2009 when Lions Gate Entertainment entered into a co-production agreement with Color Force, which had acquired the rights a few weeks earlier. Collins collaborated with Ray and Ross to write the screenplay. The screenplay expanded the character of Seneca Crane to allow several developments to be shown directly to the audience and Ross added several scenes between Crane and Coriolanus Snow. The main characters were cast between March and May 2011. Principal photography began in May 2011 and ended in September 2011, and filming took place in North Carolina. The Hunger Games was shot entirely on film as opposed to digital.
/m/04rrx	Michigan is a state in the Great Lakes region of the Midwestern United States. The name Michigan is the French form of the Ojibwa word mishigamaa, meaning \"large water\" or \"large lake\". Michigan is the 9th most populous of the 50 United States, with the 11th most extensive total area. Its capital is Lansing, and the largest city is Detroit.\nMichigan is the only state to consist of two peninsulas. The Lower Peninsula, to which the name Michigan was originally applied, is often noted to be shaped like a mitten. The Upper Peninsula is separated from the Lower Peninsula by the Straits of Mackinac, a five-mile channel that joins Lake Huron to Lake Michigan. The two peninsulas are connected by the Mackinac Bridge. The state has the longest freshwater coastline of any political subdivision in the world, being bounded by four of the five Great Lakes, plus Lake Saint Clair. As a result, it is one of the leading U.S. states for recreational boating. Michigan also has 64,980 inland lakes and ponds, and a person in the state is never more than six miles from a natural water source or more than 85 miles from a Great Lakes shoreline.
/m/0168dy	Brittany Anne Murphy-Monjack, known professionally as Brittany Murphy, was an American film and stage actress, singer, and voice artist. Murphy, a native of Atlanta, moved to Los Angeles, California as a teenager, and pursued a career in acting. Her breakthrough role was in Amy Heckerling's Clueless, followed by supporting roles in independent films such as Freeway and Bongwater. She made her stage debut in a Broadway production of Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge in 1997, and then appeared in James Mangold's critically acclaimed drama Girl, Interrupted, as well as the satire Drop Dead Gorgeous.\nThe 2000s saw Murphy with roles in Don't Say a Word alongside Michael Douglas, and alongside Eminem in Curtis Hanson's 8 Mile, for which she gained critical recognition. Her later roles included Riding in Cars with Boys, the dark comedy crime film Spun, Uptown Girls alongside Dakota Fanning, Sin City, and Happy Feet. Murphy also voiced Luanne Platter on the animated TV series King of the Hill. Her final film, Something Wicked, has not yet been released.
/m/09c7w0	The United States of America, commonly referred to as the United States, America or simply the States, is a federal republic consisting of 50 states and a federal district. The 48 contiguous states and the federal district of Washington, D.C., are in central North America between Canada and Mexico. The state of Alaska is the northwestern part of North America and the state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific. The country also has five populated and nine unpopulated territories in the Pacific and the Caribbean. At 3.79 million square miles in total and with around 317 million people, the United States is the fourth-largest country by total area and third largest by population. It is one of the world's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations, the product of large-scale immigration from many countries. The geography and climate of the United States is also extremely diverse, and it is home to a wide variety of wildlife.\nPaleo-indians migrated from Asia to what is now the U.S. mainland around 15,000 years ago, with European colonization beginning in the 16th century. The United States emerged from 13 British colonies located along the Atlantic seaboard. Disputes between Great Britain and these colonies led to the American Revolution. On July 4, 1776, delegates from the 13 colonies unanimously issued the Declaration of Independence. The ensuing war ended in 1783 with the recognition of independence of the United States from the Kingdom of Great Britain, and was the first successful war of independence against a European colonial empire. The current Constitution was adopted on September 17, 1787. The first 10 amendments, collectively named the Bill of Rights, were ratified in 1791 and guarantee many fundamental civil rights and freedoms.
/m/015f7	Britney Jean Spears is an American recording artist and entertainer. Born in McComb, Mississippi, and raised in Kentwood, Louisiana, she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997. Spears's first and second studio albums, ...Baby One More Time and Oops!... I Did It Again, became international successes, with the former becoming the best-selling album by a teenage solo artist. Title tracks \"...Baby One More Time\" and \"Oops!... I Did It Again\" broke international sales records. In 2001, Spears released her self-titled third studio album, Britney, and played the starring role in the film Crossroads. She assumed creative control of her fourth studio album, In the Zone, which yielded the worldwide success of the \"Toxic\" single.\nIn 2007, Spears's much-publicized personal struggles sent her career into hiatus. Her fifth record, Blackout, was released later that year, and spawned hits such as \"Gimme More\" and \"Piece of Me\". Her erratic behavior and hospitalizations continued through the following year, at which point she was placed under a still on-going conservatorship. Spears's sixth album, Circus, included global chart-topping lead single \"Womanizer\". Its supporting tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears was one of the highest-grossing global concert tours in 2009. Later that October, \"3\" became Spears's third single to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100. Her seventh studio album, Femme Fatale, became her first to yield three top-ten singles in the United States: \"Hold It Against Me\", \"Till the World Ends\" and \"I Wanna Go\". She also served as a judge during the second season of the American version of The X Factor. Spears's eponymous eighth studio album Britney Jean was released in 2013; it made little commercial impact and became the lowest-selling record of her career. Later that year, Spears began the two-year residency show Britney: Piece of Me at The AXIS at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas.
/m/0jnwx	Aladdin is a 1992 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Aladdin was the 31st animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, and was part of the Disney film era known as the Disney Renaissance. The film was directed by John Musker and Ron Clements, and is based on the Arab folktale of Aladdin and the magic lamp from One Thousand and One Nights. The voice cast features Scott Weinger, Jonathan Freeman, Robin Williams, Linda Larkin, Frank Welker, Gilbert Gottfried, and Douglas Seale.\nLyricist Howard Ashman first pitched the idea, and the screenplay went through three drafts before Disney president Jeffrey Katzenberg agreed to its production. The animators based their designs on the work of caricaturist Al Hirschfeld, and computers were used for both colouring and creating some animated elements. The musical score was written by Alan Menken and features six songs with lyrics written by both Ashman and Tim Rice, who took over after Ashman's death.\nAladdin was released on November 25, 1992 to positive reviews and was the most successful film of 1992, earning over $217 million in revenue in the United States, and over $504 million worldwide. The film also won many awards, most of them for its soundtrack. Aladdin's success led to other material inspired by the film, including two direct-to-video sequels, The Return of Jafar and Aladdin and the King of Thieves; an animated television series; toys, video games, spin-offs, and Disney merchandise. A Broadway adaptation is scheduled to debut in 2014.
/m/02wwmhc	The Rum Diary is a 2011 American film based on the novel of the same name by Hunter S. Thompson. The film was written and directed by Bruce Robinson and stars Johnny Depp. Filming began in Puerto Rico in March 2009. It was released on October 28, 2011.
/m/0vmt	Arizona is a state in the southwestern region of the United States. It is also part of the Western United States and of the Mountain West states. It is the sixth largest and the 15th most populous of the 50 states. Its capital and largest city is Phoenix. Arizona is one of the Four Corners states. It has borders with New Mexico, Utah, Nevada, California, and Mexico, and one point in common with the southwestern corner of Colorado. Arizona's border with Mexico is 389 miles long, on the northern border of the Mexican states of Sonora and Baja California.\nArizona is the 48th state and last of the contiguous states to be admitted to the Union, achieving statehood on February 14, 1912. It was previously part of the territory of Alta California in New Spain before being passed down to independent Mexico and later ceded to the United States after the Mexican-American War. The southernmost portion of the state was acquired in 1853 through the Gadsden Purchase.\nArizona is noted for its desert climate in its southern half, with very hot summers and quite mild winters. The northern half of the state features forests of pine, Douglas fir, and spruce trees, a very large, high plateau and some mountain ranges—such as the San Francisco Mountains—as well as large, deep canyons, with much more moderate summer temperatures, and significant winter snowfalls. There are ski resorts in the areas of Flagstaff, Alpine, and Tucson. In addition to the Grand Canyon National Park, there are several national forests, national parks, and national monuments. About one-quarter of the state is made up of Indian Reservations that serve as the home of a number of Native American tribes.
/m/025rpb0	Hispanic or Latino are an ethnolinguistic group of Americans with origins in the countries of Latin America or the Iberian peninsula. More generally it includes all persons in the United States who self-identify as Hispanic or Latino. Reflecting especially the Latin American population, which has origins in all the continents and many ancestries, Hispanic/Latino Americans are very racially diverse, and as a result form an ethnic category, rather than a race.\nWhile the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably, Hispanic is a narrower term and refers mostly to persons of Spanish speaking origin or ancestry, while Latino is more frequently used to refer more generally to anyone of Latin American origin or ancestry, including Brazilians. Hispanic thus includes persons from Spain and Spanish speaking Latin Americans excluding both Portuguese and Brazilians while Latino excludes persons from Spain but includes both Spanish speaking and Portuguese-speaking Latin Americans. Persons from Portugal, and all other Portuguese-speaking peoples around the World outside the Americas, are neither Hipanic nor Latino. Latino is a broader term encompassing more people. The choice between the terms Latino and Hispanic among those of Spanish speaking origin is also associated with location: persons of Spanish speaking origins residing in the eastern United States tend to prefer the term Hispanic, whereas those in the West tend to prefer Latino.
/m/0102t4	Marshall is a city in and the county seat of Harrison County in the northeastern corner of Texas. Marshall is a major cultural and educational center in East Texas and the tri-state area. As of the 2010 census, the population of Marshall was about 23,523.\nMarshall was a political and production center of the Confederacy during the Civil War and was a major railroad center of the T&P Railroad from the late 19th century until the mid-20th century. The city's large African American population and the presence of black institutions of higher learning made Marshall a center of the civil rights movement in the American South. The city is known for holding one of the largest light festivals in the United States, the Wonderland of Lights, and, as the self-proclaimed Pottery Capital of the World, for its sizable pottery industry.\nMarshall is also referred to by various nicknames; the Cultural Capital of East Texas, the Gateway of Texas, the Athens of Texas, the City of Seven Flags and Center Stage, a branding slogan adopted by the Marshall Convention and Visitors Bureau.
/m/01f7dd	Willem Dafoe is an American film, stage, and voice actor, and a member of the experimental theater company The Wooster Group. Films he appears in include Platoon, Affliction, Off Limits, Streets of Fire, To Live and Die in L.A., Born on the Fourth of July, The English Patient, The Last Temptation of Christ, Mississippi Burning, Mr. Bean's Holiday, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Boondock Saints, Spider-Man, and The Aviator. He has also had voice roles in both Fantastic Mr. Fox and Finding Nemo.\nDafoe has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor twice—for Platoon in 1986 and for Shadow of the Vampire in 2000.\nOn September 6, 2013, it was announced that he will be playing the role of Peter Van Houten in the film adaptation of The Fault in Our Stars.
/m/035gnh	3000 Miles to Graceland is a 2001 crime film, starring Kurt Russell, Kevin Costner, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Bokeem Woodbine, Christian Slater, and Kevin Pollak. It is a story of theft and betrayal, revolving around a plot to rob the Riviera Casino during a convention of Elvis impersonators.\nPrior to the film's opening, Warner Bros. released a series of animated prequels voiced by stars Costner, Slater, Long and Woodbine. \"The Road to Graceland\" prequels marked the first time a major film's cast members contributed their talents to the creation of original Internet content for a film website.
/m/02rv_dz	Juno is a 2007 Canadian-American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and written by Diablo Cody. Ellen Page stars as the title character, an independent-minded teenager confronting an unplanned pregnancy and the subsequent events that put pressures of adult life onto her. Michael Cera, Jennifer Garner, Jason Bateman, Allison Janney, and J. K. Simmons also star. Filming spanned from early February to March 2007 in Vancouver, British Columbia. It premiered on September 8 at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival, receiving a standing ovation.\nJuno won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and earned three other Oscar nominations, including Best Picture and Best Actress for Page. The film's soundtrack, featuring several songs performed by Kimya Dawson in various guises, was the first chart-topping soundtrack since Dreamgirls and 20th Century Fox's first number one soundtrack since Titanic. Juno earned back its initial budget of $6.5 million in twenty days, the first nineteen of which were when the film was in limited release. It went on to earn $231 million. Juno received positive reviews from critics, many of whom placed the film on their top ten lists for the year. It has received criticism and praise from members of the pro-life and pro-choice communities regarding its treatment of abortion.
/m/0r3tb	Palm Desert is a city in Riverside County, California, United States, in the Coachella Valley, approximately 14 miles east of Palm Springs and 122 miles east of Los Angeles. The population was 48,445 at the 2010 census, up from 41,155 at the 2000 census. The city was one of the state's fastest growing in the 1980s and 1990s, beginning with 11,801 residents in 1980, doubling to 23,650 in 1990, 35,000 in 1995, and nearly double its 1990 population by 2000.\nA major center of growth in the Palm Springs area, Palm Desert is a popular retreat for \"snowbirds\" from colder climates, who swell its population by an estimated 31,000 each winter. In the past couple of years Palm Desert has seen more residents become \"full-timers\", mainly from the coasts and urban centers of California, who have come for both affordable and high-valued home prices.
/m/07w21	Ursula Kroeber Le Guin is an American author of novels, children's books, and short stories, mainly in the genres of fantasy and science fiction. She has also written poetry and essays. First published in the 1960s, her work has often depicted futuristic or imaginary alternative worlds in politics, natural environment, gender, religion, sexuality and ethnography.\nShe was influenced by fantasy writers like J. R. R. Tolkien, by science fiction writers like Philip K. Dick, by central figures of Western literature like Leo Tolstoy, Virgil and the Brontë sisters, by feminist writers like Virginia Woolf, by children's literature like Alice in Wonderland, The Wind in the Willows, The Jungle Book, by Norse mythology, and by books from the Eastern tradition such as the Tao Te Ching. In turn, she influenced such Booker Prize winners and other writers, as Salman Rushdie and David Mitchell – and notable futurism and fantasy writers like Neil Gaiman and Iain Banks. She has won the Hugo Award, Nebula Award, Locus Award, and World Fantasy Award, each more than once.
/m/03d34x8	Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan. Set and produced in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Breaking Bad is the two-year-long story of Walter White, a struggling high school chemistry teacher who is diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer at the beginning of the series. He turns to a life of crime, producing and selling methamphetamine, in order to secure his family's financial future before he dies, teaming with his former student, Jesse Pinkman. The series has been labeled a contemporary western by its creator.\nThe series premiered on January 20, 2008 in the United States and Canada on the cable channel AMC, and the series finale aired on September 29, 2013. Breaking Bad received widespread critical acclaim, and is widely regarded as one of the greatest television series of all time. By its end, the series was among the most-watched cable shows on American television, with audience numbers that doubled in the fifth season from the previous year's episodes.\nThe series has won ten Primetime Emmy Awards, including three consecutive wins for Outstanding Lead Actor for Bryan Cranston, two wins for Outstanding Supporting Actor for Aaron Paul, an Outstanding Supporting Actress win for Anna Gunn, and, after three previous nominations, Outstanding Drama Series for the first half of the fifth season in 2013. The series has been nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards and won Best Television Series – Drama and Best Actor for Cranston for its final season. Cranston also received five nominations and won twice for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Male Actor, and the series won for Outstanding Ensemble for its final season. In 2013, the Writers Guild of America named Breaking Bad the 13th best-written TV series of all time. That same year, Guinness World Records called it the highest-rated TV series of all time, citing its season 5 Metacritic score of 99 out of 100.
/m/070m6c	The One Hundred Eleventh United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government from January 3, 2009, until January 3, 2011. It began during the last two weeks of the George W. Bush administration, with the remainder spanning the first two years of Barack Obama's presidency. It was composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The apportionment of seats in the House was based on the 2000 U.S. Census. In the November 4, 2008 elections, the Democratic Party increased its majorities in both chambers, giving President Obama a Democratic majority in the legislature for the first two years of his presidency. A new delegate seat was created for the Northern Mariana Islands. This Congress has been considered one of the most \"productive\" Congresses in history in terms of legislation being passed since Lyndon Johnson's era of the \"Great Society\".
/m/0g22z	Wall Street is a 1987 American drama film, directed and co-written by Oliver Stone, which stars Michael Douglas, Charlie Sheen, Daryl Hannah and Martin Sheen. The film tells the story of Bud Fox, a young stockbroker desperate to succeed who becomes involved with his hero, Gordon Gekko, a wealthy, unscrupulous corporate raider.\nStone made the film as a tribute to his father, Lou Stone, a stockbroker during the Great Depression. The character of Gekko is said to be a composite of several people, including Owen Morrisey, Dennis Levine, Ivan Boesky, Carl Icahn, Asher Edelman, Michael Ovitz, Michael Milken, and Stone himself. The character of Sir Lawrence Wildman, meanwhile, was modelled on the prominent British financier and corporate raider Sir James Goldsmith. Originally, the studio wanted Warren Beatty to play Gekko, but he was not interested, and Stone wanted Richard Gere, though Gere passed on the role. Stone went with Douglas even though he had been advised by others in Hollywood not to cast him.\nThe film was well received among major film critics, including Roger Ebert. Douglas won the Academy Award for Best Actor, and the film has come to be seen as the archetypal portrayal of 1980s excess, with Douglas's character memorably declaring that \"greed is good.\" It has also proven influential in inspiring people to work on Wall Street with Sheen, Douglas, and Stone commenting over the years how people still approach them and say that they became stockbrokers because of their respective characters in the film.
/m/02vl_pz	Giuseppe Colucci is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Reggina.
/m/07wh1	The United States Army is the main branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for land-based military operations. It is the largest and oldest established branch of the U.S. military, and is one of seven U.S. uniformed services. The modern army has its roots in the Continental Army which was formed on 14 June 1775, to meet the demands of the American Revolutionary War before the establishment of the United States. The Congress of the Confederation officially created the United States Army on 3 June 1784 after the end of the Revolutionary War to replace the disbanded Continental Army. The army considers itself to be descended from the Continental Army and thus dates its inception from the origins of that force.\nThe primary mission of the army is \"to fight and win our Nation’s wars by providing prompt, sustained land dominance across the full range of military operations and spectrum of conflict in support of combatant commanders.\" The army is a military service within the Department of the Army, one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense. The army is headed by the Secretary of the Army, and the top military officer in the department is the Chief of Staff of the Army. The highest ranking army officer is currently the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. During fiscal year 2011, the Regular Army reported a strength of 546,057 soldiers; the Army National Guard reported 358,078 and the United States Army Reserve reported 201,166 putting the combined component strength total at 1,105,301 soldiers.
/m/01yd8v	Bridget Jane Fonda is an American former actress. She is known for her roles in such films as The Godfather Part III, Single White Female, Point of No Return, It Could Happen to You, and Jackie Brown. She also provides the voice for Jenna in the 1995 animated feature film Balto. She is the daughter of Peter Fonda, niece of Jane Fonda and granddaughter of Henry Fonda.
/m/02fr2d	The Imperial Japanese Army literally \"Army of the Greater Japanese Empire\", was the official ground-based armed force of the Empire of Japan, from 1871 to 1945. It was controlled by the Imperial Army General Staff Office and the Ministry of War, both of which were nominally subordinate to the Emperor of Japan as supreme commander of the army and the navy. Later an Inspectorate General of Military Aviation, became the third agency with oversight over the army. During wartime or national emergencies, the nominal command functions of the emperor would be centralized in an Imperial General Headquarters, an ad-hoc body consisting of the chief and vice chief of the Army General Staff, the minister of war, the chief and vice chief of the Naval General Staff, the inspector general of military aviation, and the inspector general of military training.
/m/02bqy	Dartmouth College, commonly referred to as Dartmouth, is a private Ivy League research university located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States. The institution consists of a liberal arts college, the Geisel School of Medicine, the Thayer School of Engineering, and the Tuck School of Business, as well as 19 graduate programs in the arts and sciences. Incorporated as the \"Trustees of Dartmouth College,\" it is one of the nine Colonial Colleges founded before the American Revolution. With an undergraduate enrollment of 4,194 and a total student enrollment of 6,144, Dartmouth is the smallest university in the Ivy League.\nDartmouth College was established in 1769 by Eleazar Wheelock, a Congregational minister. After a long period of financial and political struggles, Dartmouth emerged in the early 20th century from relative obscurity. Dartmouth alumni, from Daniel Webster to the many donors in the 19th and 20th centuries, have been famously involved in their college.\nDartmouth is located on a rural 269-acre campus in the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire. The campus is isolated, and participation in athletics and the school's Greek system is strong. Dartmouth's 34 varsity sports teams compete in the Ivy League conference of the NCAA Division I. Students are well known for preserving a variety of strong campus traditions.
/m/01h3dj	The French Third Republic was France from 1870, when the Second French Empire collapsed, to 1940, when France's defeat by Nazi Germany led to the Vichy France government. Vichy was replaced by the French Fourth Republic.\nThe early days of the Third Republic were dominated by the Franco-Prussian War, which the Republic continued to wage after the fall of the Emperor. Harsh reparations exacted by the Prussians after the war resulted in the loss of Alsace-Lorraine, social upheaval, and the establishment of the Paris Commune. Early governments of the Third Republic considered re-establishing the monarchy; however, confusion as to the nature of that monarchy, and who among the various deposed royal families would be awarded the throne, caused those talks to stall. Thus, the Third Republic, which was originally intended to be a transitional government, instead became the permanent government of France.\nThe French Constitutional Laws of 1875 gave the Third Republic its shape and form, consisting of a Chamber of Deputies and a Senate forming the legislature, and a President serving as the head of state. Issues over the re-establishment of the monarchy dominated the Presidency of the first two Presidents, Adolphe Thiers and Patrice de Mac-Mahon, though a series of republican presidents during the 1880s ended any hope of a monarchy. The Third Republic established many French colonial possessions as France acquired French Indochina, French Madagascar, French Polynesia, and large territories in West Africa during the Scramble for Africa, all acquired during the last two decades of the 19th century. The early years of the 20th century were dominated by the Democratic Republican Alliance, which was originally conceived as a centre-left political alliance, but which came to become the main centre-right party over time. The period from the start of World War I to the late 1930s featured sharply polarized politics, between the Democratic Republican Alliance and the more Radical socialists. The government fell during the early years of World War II, as the Germans occupied France and was replaced by the Vichy government of Philippe Pétain.
/m/02kdv5l	Action film is a film genre in which one or more heroes are thrust into a series of challenges that typically include physical feats, extended fight scenes, violence, and frantic chases. Action films tend to feature a resourceful character struggling against incredible odds, which include life-threatening situations, a villain, or a pursuit which generally concludes in victory for the hero.\nAdvancements in CGI have made it cheaper and easier to create action sequences and other visual effects that required the efforts of professional stunt crews in the past. However, reactions to action films containing significant amounts of CGI have been mixed as films that use computer animations to create unrealistic, highly unbelievable events are often met with criticism. While action has long been a recurring component in films, the \"action film\" genre began to develop in the 1970s along with the increase of stunts and special effects. The genre is closely associated with the thriller and adventure film genres, and it may also contain elements of spy fiction and espionage.
/m/04sv4	Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer web browser. Its flagship hardware products are Xbox game console and the Microsoft Surface series of tablets. It is the world's largest software maker measured by revenues. It is also one of the world's most valuable companies.\nMicrosoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4, 1975 to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for Altair 8800. It rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s, followed by the Microsoft Windows. The company's 1986 initial public offering, and subsequent rise in its share price, created an estimated three billionaires and 12,000 millionaires from Microsoft employees. It is considered the third most successful startup company of all time by market capitalization, revenue, growth and cultural impact. Since the 1990s, it has increasingly diversified from the operating system market and has made a number of corporate acquisitions. In May 2011, Microsoft acquired Skype Technologies for $8.5 billion in its largest acquisition to date.
/m/04t7ts	Philip Baker Hall is an American actor. Although usually cast in supporting or background roles, Hall played the lead roles of President Richard Nixon in Robert Altman's Secret Honor, Sydney in Paul Thomas Anderson's Hard Eight, and most recently Arthur in the independent film, Duck.
/m/0hzc9wc	A sovereign state is a state with a defined territory on which it exercises internal and external sovereignty, a permanent population, a government, and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states. It is also normally understood to be a state which is neither dependent on nor subject to any other power or state
/m/0ct_yc	Justin Vincent Cochrane is a professional footballer who plays for Boreham Wood and the Antigua and Barbuda national football team.
/m/02z9rr	Waterworld is a 1995 American post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Kevin Reynolds and co-written by Peter Rader and David Twohy. It was based on Rader's original 1986 screenplay and stars Kevin Costner, who also produced it with Charles Gordon and John Davis. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.\nThe setting of the film is the distant future. Although no exact date was given in the film itself, it has been suggested that it takes place in 2500. The polar ice caps have completely melted, and the sea level has risen many hundreds of feet, covering nearly all the land. The film illustrates this with an unusual variation on the Universal logo, which begins with the usual image of Earth, but shows the planet's water levels gradually rising and the polar ice caps melting until nearly all the land is submerged. The plot of the film centers on an otherwise nameless antihero, \"The Mariner\", a drifter who sails the Earth in his trimaran.\nThe most expensive film ever made at the time, Waterworld was released to mixed reviews, praising the futuristic style but criticizing the characterization and acting performances. The film also was unable to recoup its massive budget at the box office; however, the production did later break even due to video and other post-cinema sales. The film's release was accompanied by a tie-in novel, video game, and three themed attractions at Universal Studios Hollywood, Universal Studios Singapore, and Universal Studios Japan called Waterworld: A Live Sea War Spectacular, which are all still running as of 2014.
/m/05rrtf	Spyglass Entertainment is an American film production company, co-founded by Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum in 1998. The studio was founded with an investment from European media conglomerates Kirch Group and Mediaset, and a five-year distribution deal with The Walt Disney Company. It is currently owned by Cerberus Capital Management.\nBarber and Birnbaum serve as co-CEOs, while Jonathan Glickman serves as the current President of Production. Jeffrey Chernov was once a production executive at Spyglass Entertainment.\nOn December 20, 2010, the founders of Spyglass Entertainment, Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum, became co-Chairs and co-CEOs of the holding company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, which had recently at that time emerged from bankruptcy. Since then, Spyglass' operation has been scaled back, though Barber and Birnbaum will continue to operate it through the handling of its library. The studio now produces only a handful of films per year.
/m/03gt7s	Thrashcore is a fast tempo sub-genre of hardcore punk that emerged in the early 1980s. Thrashcore is essentially sped-up hardcore punk, with bands often using blast beats. Songs can be very brief, and thrashcore is in many ways a less dissonant, less metallic forerunner of grindcore. Like hardcore groups, thrashcore lyrics typically emphasize youthful rebellion or antimilitarism. In some ways, the genre is aligned with skateboarder subculture.
/m/02glmx	The 76th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2003 and took place on February 29, 2004, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Joe Roth and was directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actor Billy Crystal hosted for the eighth time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 72nd ceremony held in 2000. Two weeks earlier in a ceremony at The Ritz-Carlton Huntington Hotel & Spa in Pasadena, California held on February 14, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jennifer Garner.\nThe Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King won a record-tying eleven awards including Best Director for Peter Jackson and Best Picture. Other winners included Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World and Mystic River with two awards and The Barbarian Invasions, Chernobyl Heart, Cold Mountain, Finding Nemo, The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons from the Life of Robert S. McNamara, Harvie Krumpet, Lost in Translation, Monster, and Two Soldiers with one. The telecast garnered nearly 44 million viewers, making it the most-watched telecast in four years.
/m/04g5k	Latvia officially the Republic of Latvia, is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. It is bordered by Estonia, Lithuania, Russia, Belarus and by a maritime border to the west with Sweden. Latvia has 2,008,700 inhabitants and a territory of 64,589 km². The country has a temperate seasonal climate.\nLatvia is a democratic parliamentary republic established in 1918. The capital city is Riga, the European Capital of Culture 2014. Latvian is the official language. Latvia is a unitary state, divided into 118 administrative divisions of which 109 are municipalities and 9 are cities. There are five planning regions: Kurzeme, Latgale, Riga, Vidzeme and Zemgale.\nThe Latvians are Baltic people, culturally related to the Lithuanians. Latvians and Livs are the indigenous people of Latvia. Latvian is an Indo-European language; it and Lithuanian are the only two surviving Baltic languages. Despite foreign rule from the 13th to the 20th centuries, the Latvian nation maintained its identity throughout the generations via the language and musical traditions. Latvia and Estonia share a long common history. As a consequence of the Soviet occupation both countries are home to a large number of ethnic Russians of whom some are non-citizens. Latvia is historically predominantly Protestant Lutheran, except for the Latgale region in the southeast, which has historically been predominantly Roman Catholic.
/m/080knyg	Amber Patrice Riley is an American actress, singer-songwriter, and philanthropist, known for her role on the series Glee as Mercedes Jones and as the winner of season 17 of Dancing with the Stars.
/m/07vn_9	Zodiac is a 2007 American mystery thriller film directed by David Fincher and based on Robert Graysmith's non-fiction book of the same name. The Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. joint production stars Jake Gyllenhaal, Mark Ruffalo, and Robert Downey, Jr., with Anthony Edwards, Brian Cox, Elias Koteas, Donal Logue, John Carroll Lynch, and Dermot Mulroney in supporting roles.\nZodiac tells the story of the manhunt for a notorious serial killer known as \"Zodiac\" who killed in and around the San Francisco Bay Area during the late 1960s and early 1970s, leaving several victims in his wake and taunting police with letters and ciphers mailed to newspapers. The case remains one of San Francisco's most infamous unsolved crimes.\nFincher, screenwriter James Vanderbilt, and producer Brad Fischer spent 18 months conducting their own investigation and research into the Zodiac murders. Fincher employed the digital Thomson Viper Filmstream camera to photograph the film. However Zodiac was not shot entirely digitally; traditional high-speed film cameras were used for slow-motion murder sequences.\nReviews for the film were highly positive; however, it did not perform strongly at the North American box office, grossing only $33 million. It performed better in other parts of the world, earning $51 million. This brought its box office total to $84 million, with a budget of $65 million spent on its production.
/m/0x67	African Americans, also referred to as black Americans or Afro-Americans, are citizens or residents of the United States who have total or partial ancestry from any of the native populations of Sub-Saharan Africa.\nAfrican Americans constitute the second largest racial and ethnic minority in the United States. Most African Americans are of West and Central African descent and are descendants of enslaved blacks within the boundaries of the present United States. However, some immigrants from African, Caribbean, Central American, and South American nations, and their descendants, may be identified or self-identify with the term.\nAfrican-American history starts in the 16th century, with Africans forcibly taken to Spanish and English colonies in North America as slaves. After the United States came into being, black people continued to be enslaved and treated as inferiors. These circumstances were changed by Reconstruction, development of the black community, participation in the great military conflicts of the United States, the elimination of racial segregation, and the Civil Rights Movement. In 2008, Barack Obama was the first African American to be elected president of the United States. The geographical-origin-based term \"African American\" is commonly used interchangeably with \"black American\".
/m/02hfk5	The Barbarian Invasions is a 2003 French-Canadian comedy-drama film written and directed by Denys Arcand. It is the sequel to Arcand's earlier film The Decline of the American Empire and is followed by Days of Darkness. The film was produced by companies from both Canada and France, including Telefilm Canada, Société Radio-Canada and Canal+. It was released in 2003 and won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 76th Academy Awards in 2004.
/m/02cft	Dublin is the capital and most populous city of Ireland. The English name for the city is derived from the Irish name Dubhlinn, meaning \"black pool\". Dublin is situated in the province of Leinster near the midpoint of Ireland's east coast, at the mouth of the River Liffey and the centre of the Dublin Region.\nFounded as a Viking settlement, it evolved into the Kingdom of Dublin and became the island's principal city following the Norman invasion. The city expanded rapidly from the 17th century; it was briefly the second largest city in the British Empire and the fifth largest in Europe. Dublin entered a period of stagnation following the Act of Union of 1800, but it remained the economic centre for most of the island. Following the partition of Ireland in 1922, the new parliament, the Oireachtas, was located in Leinster House. Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State and later the Republic of Ireland.\nLike the cities of Cork, Limerick, Galway and Waterford, Dublin is administered separately from its respective County with its own City Council. The city is listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network as a global city, with a ranking of \"Alpha-\", placing Dublin among the top 30 cities in the world. It is a historical and contemporary cultural centre for the country, as well as a modern centre of education, the arts, administration, economy, and industry.
/m/02x17s4	The Satellite Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is an annual award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/094qd5	Best Actress in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film Award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.\nFrom 1952-1967, there were two Best Actress awards presented, Best British Actress and Best Foreign Actress.\nFrom 1968 onwards, the two awards merged into one award, which from 1968-1984, was known as Best Actress.\nFrom 1985–present, the award has been known by its current name of Best Actress in a leading role.\n† - indicates the performance also won the Academy Award\n‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Academy Award
/m/051hrr	An electronic drum is an electronic synthesizer that mimics an acoustic drum kit.\nThe electronic drum usually consists of a set of pads mounted on a stand in a disposition similar to an acoustic drum kit. The pads are discs with a rubber or cloth-like coating. Each pad has a sensor that generates an electric signal when struck. The electric signal is transmitted through cables into an electronic module, which produces a sound associated to the selected pad.
/m/02yplc	Molly Helen Shannon is an American comic actress best known for her work as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1995 to 2001 and for starring in the films Superstar and Year of the Dog. More recently, she starred in NBC's Kath & Kim from 2008 to 2009 and on the TBS animated series Neighbors from Hell. Throughout Shannon's career she has appeared in a number of films in supporting roles.
/m/0336mc	Diane Kruger is a German actress and former fashion model. She is known for roles such as Helen in Troy, Dr. Abigail Chase in National Treasure and its sequel, Bridget von Hammersmark in Inglourious Basterds, Anna in Mr. Nobody, and Gina in Unknown. As of July 2013 she stars as Detective Sonya Cross in the FX television series The Bridge.
/m/01qhm_	German Americans are Americans who were either born in Germany or are of German ancestry. They comprise about 50 million people, making them the largest ancestry group ahead of Irish Americans, African Americans and English Americans. They comprise about ¹⁄3 of the German diaspora in the world.\nNone of the German states had American colonies. In the 1670s the first significant groups of German immigrants arrive in the British colonies, settling primarily in New York and Pennsylvania. Immigration continued in very large numbers during the 19th century, with eight million arrivals from Germany. They were pulled by the attractions of land and religious freedom, and pushed out of Europe by shortages of land and religious or political oppression. Many arrived seeking religious or political freedom, others for economic opportunities greater than those in Europe, and others for the chance to start fresh in the New World. The arrivals before 1850 were mostly farmers who sought out the most productive land, where their intensive farming techniques would pay off. After 1840, many came to cities, where \"Germania\"—German-speaking districts—soon emerged.
/m/06ncr	The saxophone is a woodwind instrument. Saxophones are usually made of brass and played with a single-reed mouthpiece similar to that of the clarinet. The saxophone was invented by the Belgian instrument maker Adolphe Sax in 1840. Sax wanted to create an instrument that would be the most powerful and vocal of the woodwinds, and the most adaptive of the brass—that would fill the vacant middle ground between the two sections. He patented the saxophone on June 24, 1846, in two groups of seven instruments each. Each series consisted of instruments of various sizes in alternating transposition. The series pitched in B♭ and E♭, designed for military bands, has proved extremely popular and most saxophones encountered today are from this series. Instruments from the so-called \"orchestral\" series, pitched in C and F, never gained a foothold, and the B♭ and E♭ instruments have now replaced the C and F instruments in classical music.\nThe saxophone has proved very popular in military band music, and is commonly used in jazz and classical music. There is substantial repertoire of concert music in the classical idiom for the members of the saxophone family. Saxophone players are called saxophonists.
/m/06qln	Stop motion is an animation technique to make a physically manipulated object appear to move on its own. The object is moved in small increments between individually photographed frames, creating the illusion of movement when the series of frames is played as a continuous sequence. Dolls with movable joints or clay figures are often used in stop motion for their ease of repositioning. Stop motion animation using plasticine is called clay animation or \"clay-mation\". Not all stop motion requires figures or models; many stop motion films can involve using humans, household appliances and other things for comedic effect. Stop motion using objects is sometimes referred to as object animation.
/m/043kzcr	Jessica Michelle Chastain is an American actress. Chastain played guest roles in several television shows before making her feature film debut in the 2008 independent film Jolene. In 2011, she gained wide public recognition for her starring roles in seven film releases; her performance in The Help was particularly well received and she earned an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination, as well as Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Award and BAFTA nominations in the same category. For her lead performance in the controversial 2012 military thriller film Zero Dark Thirty, Chastain received wide critical acclaim and won the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.\nIn 2012, Time magazine featured her as one of the \"100 Most Influential People in the World\". Chastain's performances in Zero Dark Thirty and in the 2013 horror film Mama led film critic Richard Roeper to describe her as \"one of the finest actors of her generation\".
/m/019rg5	Kenya, officially the Republic of Kenya, is a sovereign state in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa. Its capital and largest city is Nairobi. Kenya lies on the equator with the Indian Ocean to the south-east, Tanzania to the south, Uganda to the west, South Sudan to the north-west, Ethiopia to the north and Somalia to the north-east. Kenya covers 581,309 km² and has a population of about 44 million in July 2012.\nKenya has a warm and humid climate along its Indian Ocean coastline, with wildlife-rich savannah grasslands inland towards the capital. Nairobi has a cool climate that gets colder approaching Mount Kenya, which has three permanently snow-capped peaks. Further inland there is a warm and humid climate around Lake Victoria, and temperate forested and hilly areas in the western region. The northeastern regions along the border with Somalia and Ethiopia are arid and semi-arid areas with near-desert landscapes. Lake Victoria, the world's second largest fresh-water lake and the world's largest tropical lake, is situated to the southwest and is shared with Uganda and Tanzania. Kenya is famous for its safaris and diverse wildlife reserves and national parks such as the East and West Tsavo National Park, the Maasai Mara, Lake Nakuru National Park, and Aberdares National Park. There are several world heritage sites such as Lamu, and world renowned beaches such as Kilifi where international yachting competitions are held each year.
/m/01rl_3	Middlesbrough Football Club, also known as Boro, are an English football club based in Middlesbrough, who play in the Football League Championship. Formed in 1876, they have played at the Riverside Stadium since August 1995, their third ground since turning professional in 1889. Their longest-serving home was Ayresome Park, where they played for 92 years, from 1903 to 1995.\nThey were one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992. The club's main rivals are Sunderland and Newcastle United, however the club also takes part in Yorkshire derbies with several other Yorkshire clubs; most notably Leeds United.\nThe club's highest league finish to date was third in the 1913–14 season and they have only spent two seasons outside of the Football League's top two divisions. The club came close to folding in 1986 after experiencing severe financial difficulties before the club was saved by a consortium led by then board member and later chairman Steve Gibson. Middlesbrough were controversially deducted three points for failing to fulfil a fixture against Blackburn Rovers during the 1996–97 Premier League season and were subsequently relegated. They were promoted the following season and spent eleven consecutive seasons in the top division before relegation. Middlesbrough won the League Cup in 2004, the club's first and only major trophy. They reached the 2006 UEFA Cup Final in May 2006 but were beaten by Spanish side Sevilla. On 24 May 2009, Middlesbrough were relegated to the Championship, failing to extend their 11-year stay in the Premier League.
/m/07t_l23	British Academy Television Award for Best Leading Actress
/m/0djlxb	I'm Not There is a 2007 biographical musical film directed by Todd Haynes, inspired by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. Six actors depict different facets of Dylan's life and public persona: Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Marcus Carl Franklin, Richard Gere, Heath Ledger, and Ben Whishaw. At the start of the film, a caption reads: \"Inspired by the music and the many lives of Bob Dylan\". Besides song credits, this is the only time Dylan's name appears in the film.\nThe film tells its story using non-traditional narrative techniques, intercutting the storylines of the six different Dylan-inspired characters. The title of the film is taken from the 1967 Dylan Basement Tape recording, \"I'm Not There\", a song that had not been officially released until it appeared on the film's soundtrack album. The film received a generally favorable response, and appeared on several top ten film lists for 2007, topping the lists for The Village Voice, Entertainment Weekly, Salon and The Boston Globe. Particular praise went to Cate Blanchett for her performance, culminating in a Volpi Cup from the Venice Film Festival, the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, along with an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.
/m/02lxrv	Ed Wood is a 1994 American comedy-drama biopic directed and produced by Tim Burton, and starring Johnny Depp as cult filmmaker Ed Wood. The film concerns the period in Wood's life when he made his best-known films as well as his relationship with actor Bela Lugosi, played by Martin Landau. Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Jeffrey Jones, Lisa Marie, and Bill Murray are among the supporting cast.\nThe film was conceived by writers Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski when they were students at the USC School of Cinematic Arts. Irritated at being thought of solely as writers for family films with their work on Problem Child and its sequel, Alexander and Karaszewski struck a deal with Burton and Denise Di Novi to produce the Ed Wood biopic, and Michael Lehmann as director. Due to scheduling conflicts with Airheads, Lehmann had to vacate the director's position, which was taken over by Burton.\nEd Wood was originally in development at Columbia Pictures, but the studio put the film in 'turnaround' over Burton's decision to shoot in black-and-white. Ed Wood was taken to the Walt Disney Studios, who released the film under their Touchstone Pictures banner. The film was released to huge critical acclaim, but it would prove to be a box office disappointment, making only $5.9 million against an $18 million budget. It won two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Landau and Best Makeup for Rick Baker, Ve Neill and Yolanda Toussieng.
/m/03f6fl0	Benjamin Scott \"Ben\" Folds is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. From 1995 to 2000, Folds was the frontman and pianist of the alternative rock band Ben Folds Five. After the group temporarily disbanded, Folds performed as a solo artist and has toured all over the world. The group reunited in 2011. He has also collaborated with musicians such as William Shatner, Regina Spektor and \"Weird Al\" Yankovic and undertaken experimental songwriting projects with authors such as Nick Hornby and Neil Gaiman. In addition to contributing music to the soundtracks of the animated films Over the Hedge, and Hoodwinked!, Folds produced Amanda Palmer's first solo album and has been a judge on the NBC a cappella singing contest The Sing-Off since 2009.
/m/04b7xr	Michael Andrew Sembello is an American musician and songwriter from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
/m/02y_rq5	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress is an annual award given by the National Society of Film Critics to honour the best leading actress of the year.
/m/0zcbl	Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti is an American actor. Giamatti began his career as a supporting actor in several films produced during the 1990s including Private Parts, The Truman Show, Saving Private Ryan, The Negotiator, and Man on the Moon, before earning lead roles in several projects in the 2000s such as American Splendor, Sideways, Cinderella Man, The Illusionist, John Adams, Cold Souls, Barney's Version, and Win Win.
/m/01hpnh	Uttar Pradesh, abbr. UP, is a state located in northern India. It was created on 1 April 1937 as the United Provinces, and was renamed Uttar Pradesh in 1950. Lucknow is the capital and Kanpur is the commercial capital and the largest city of Uttar Pradesh. On 9 November 2000, a new state, Uttarakhand, was carved from the mountainous Himalayan region of Uttar Pradesh.\nThe state is bordered by Rajasthan to the west, Haryana and Delhi to the northwest, Uttarakhand and the country of Nepal to the north, Bihar to the east, Jharkhand to the southeast, Chhattisgarh to the south and Madhya Pradesh to the southwest. It covers 93,933 square miles, equal to 6.88% of the total area of India, and is the fifth largest Indian state by area. With over 200 million inhabitants as of 2011, it is the most populous state in the country as well as the most populous country subdivision in the world. Hindi is the official and most widely spoken language in its 75 districts. Uttar Pradesh is the fourth largest Indian state by economy, with a GDP of 7080 billion. Agriculture and service industries are the largest parts of the state's economy. The service sector comprises travel and tourism, hotel industry, real estate, insurance and financial consultancies.
/m/0c_tl	The 1896 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad, was a multi-sport event held in Athens, Greece, from 6 to 15 April 1896. It was the first international Olympic Games held in the Modern era. Because Ancient Greece was the birthplace of the Olympic Games, Athens was considered to be an appropriate choice to stage the inaugural modern Games. It was unanimously chosen as the host city during a congress organized by Pierre de Coubertin, a French pedagogue and historian, in Paris, on 23 June 1894. The International Olympic Committee was also instituted during this congress.\nDespite many obstacles and setbacks, the 1896 Olympics were regarded as a great success. The Games had the largest international participation of any sporting event to that date. The Panathinaiko Stadium, the only Olympic stadium used in the 1800s, overflowed with the largest crowd ever to watch a sporting event. The highlight for the Greeks was the marathon victory by their compatriot Spyridon Louis. The most successful competitor was German wrestler and gymnast Carl Schuhmann, who won four events.\nAfter the Games, Coubertin and the IOC were petitioned by several prominent figures, including Greece's King George and some of the American competitors in Athens, to hold all the following Games in Athens. However, the 1900 Summer Olympics were already planned for Paris and, except for the Intercalated Games of 1906, the Olympics did not return to Greece until the 2004 Summer Olympics, some 108 years later.
/m/0gfh84d	Lawless is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by John Hillcoat. The screenplay by Nick Cave is based on the historical novel The Wettest County in the World by Matt Bondurant. The film stars Shia LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, Gary Oldman, Mia Wasikowska, Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, and Guy Pearce.\nLawless explores the actions of three brothers: Forrest, Howard and Jack Bondurant, who made and sold moonshine in Franklin County, Virginia, during Prohibition. The film was in development for about three years before it was produced. It screened at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and was theatrically released on August 29, 2012.
/m/017ztv	The University of Copenhagen is the oldest and second largest university and research institution in Denmark. Founded in 1479 as a studium generale, it is the second oldest institution for higher education in Scandinavia after Uppsala University. The university has more than 37,000 students, and more than 7,000 employees. The university has several campuses located in and around Copenhagen, with the oldest located in central Copenhagen. Most courses are taught in Danish; however, many courses are also offered in English and a few in German. The university has 2,800 foreign students of which about half are from Nordic countries.\nThe university is a member of the International Alliance of Research Universities, along with University of Cambridge, University of Oxford, Yale University, The Australian National University, and UC Berkeley, amongst others. The Academic Ranking of World Universities, compiled by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, sees Copenhagen as the leading university in Scandinavia and the 40th ranked university in the world in 2010. It is also ranked 52nd in the 2011 QS World University Rankings. Moreover, In 2013, according to the University Ranking by Academic Performance, the University of Copenhagen is the best university in Denmark and 25th university in the world. The university has had 8 alumni become Nobel laureates and 1 Turing Award recipient.
/m/0q5hw	Jerome Allen \"Jerry\" Seinfeld is an American comedian, actor, writer, and television/film producer, best known for playing a semi-fictional version of himself in the sitcom Seinfeld, which he co-created and co-wrote with Larry David. For the show's final two seasons, they were co-executive producers.\nIn his first major foray back into the media since the finale of Seinfeld, he co-wrote and co-produced the 2007 film Bee Movie, also voicing the lead role of Barry B. Benson. In February 2010, Seinfeld premiered a reality TV series called The Marriage Ref on NBC. Seinfeld directed Colin Quinn in the Broadway show Long Story Short at the Helen Hayes Theater in New York which ran until January 8, 2011.\nSeinfeld is known for specializing in observational humor, often focusing on personal relationships and uncomfortable social obligations. In 2005, Comedy Central ranked Jerry Seinfeld 12th out of 100 as the greatest comedians of all time in its five-part special The 100 Greatest Standups of All Time.
/m/0jnm2	The Columbus Blue Jackets are a professional ice hockey team based in Columbus, Ohio, United States. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.\nPreceded in Ohio's capital by the Columbus Chill of the ECHL and the state of Ohio in general by the Cleveland Barons, the Blue Jackets were founded as an expansion team in 2000. The team qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time in 2009.\nThe Blue Jackets' name and logos were inspired by Ohio's Civil War history. Rick Nash, David Vyborny, Ray Whitney, Bryan Berard, Fredrik Modin, Steve Mason, Jack Johnson, Marián Gáborík and Sergei Fedorov are some of the more prominent NHL figures to have donned a Columbus jersey. The Blue Jackets play their home games at Nationwide Arena in downtown Columbus, which opened in 2000. They are affiliated with the Springfield Falcons of the AHL and the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL.
/m/037cr1	Peter Pan is a 2003 fantasy film released by Universal Pictures, Columbia Pictures and Revolution Studios. P. J. Hogan directed a screenplay co-written with Michael Goldenberg which is based on the classic play and novel by J. M. Barrie. Jason Isaacs plays the roles of Captain Hook and George Darling, Olivia Williams plays Mrs. Darling, while Jeremy Sumpter plays Peter Pan, Rachel Hurd-Wood portrays Wendy Darling, and Ludivine Sagnier plays Tinker Bell. Noted actress Lynn Redgrave plays a supporting role as Aunt Millicent, a new character created for the film. Contrary to the traditional stage casting, it featured a boy in the title role.
/m/0415mzy	Nadir Khayat professionally known as RedOne, is a Moroccan-Swedish producer, songwriter and music executive now based in the United States.\nAs a producer and songwriter, he has worked with many high profile recording artists, most notably Lady Gaga, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Lopez, Pitbull, Enrique Iglesias, Mariah Carey, Paulina Rubio, Mylène Farmer and Alexandra Burke. His production discography boasts many Billboard and international hits, which he produced and co-wrote. RedOne has established his own record label named 2101 Records as a joint venture with Universal Music Group. RedOne has been nominated for six Grammy awards, winning two. In 2009, he was the number one producer on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, ranking number three as songwriter. Commonly, he produces pop, dance, eurodance, house genres.
/m/0210f1	Constance Elaine Trimmer Willis is an American science fiction writer. She has won eleven Hugo Awards and seven Nebula Awards for particular works —more \"major awards\" than any other writer— most recently the year's \"Best Novel\" Hugo and Nebula Awards for Blackout/All Clear. She was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame in 2009 and the Science Fiction Writers of America named her its 28th SFWA Grand Master in 2011.\nSeveral of her works feature time travel by history students at a faculty of the future University of Oxford—sometimes called the Time Travel series. They are the short story \"Fire Watch\", the novels Doomsday Book and To Say Nothing of the Dog, as well as the two-part novel Blackout/All Clear. All four won the annual Hugo Award and all but To Say Nothing of the Dog won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards.
/m/08qxx9	Michael Fassbender is an Irish-German actor. His notable roles include Lt. Archie Hicox in the film Inglourious Basterds, Magneto in the superhero film X-Men: First Class, the android David in the science fiction movie Prometheus, and slave owner Edwin Epps in 12 Years a Slave, a historical drama that earned him a 2014 Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. In 2014, Fassbender will reprise his role as Magneto in X-Men: Days of Future Past, followed by Assassin's Creed in 2015.\nHis other credits include the fantasy action film 300; the drama film Fish Tank; the romantic drama film Jane Eyre; the historical film A Dangerous Method; the biographical film Hunger and the drama film Shame, both directed by Steve McQueen. For his role in Shame, he won the Volpi Cup best actor award at the 68th Venice International Film Festival held in August 2011, and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA.
/m/09dv0sz	Bernard Telsey is a casting director and co-founder of MCC Theater. In the 1980s, he began working for Simon & Kumin Casting as an assistant, then a casting director at Risa Bramon & Billy Hopkins Casting. Shows his company has cast include Rent, Wicked, In the Heights, South Pacific, Hairspray, Equus, Legally Blonde, A Catered Affair, The Homecoming, Talk Radio, November, Grey Gardens, The Color Purple, The Rocky Horror Show, All Shook Up, Tarzan, and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, reasons to be pretty, 50 Words, Almost an Evening, and De La Guarda. He has cast for several theatre companies including the Atlantic Theatre Company, Signature Theatre, Westport Playhouse, New York Theater Workshop, Drama Dept, ACT in San Francisco, La Jolla Playhouse, McCarter Theatre, Long Wharf Theatre, Hartford Stage, and Goodman Theatre. Films cast include Rachel Getting Married, Sex and the City, Margin Call, Across the Universe, Dan in Real Life, Pieces of April, Rent.\nRent established Telsey as someone who casts unconventional shows, which got him assigned to cast The Capeman. He is notable for discovering Taye Diggs, Idina Menzel, Anthony Rapp, and Jesse L. Martin.
/m/04j53	Liechtenstein, officially the Principality of Liechtenstein, is a doubly landlocked alpine country in Central Europe, bordered by Switzerland to the west and south and by Austria to the east and north. Its area is just over 160 square kilometres, and it has an estimated population of 35,000. Its capital is Vaduz. The biggest town is Schaan. Liechtenstein has the highest gross domestic product per person in the world when adjusted by purchasing power parity. Liechtenstein also has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the world at 1.5%.\nLiechtenstein is the smallest yet the richest German-speaking country and the only country to lie entirely within the Alps. It is known as a principality as it is a constitutional monarchy headed by a prince. Liechtenstein is divided into 11 municipalities. Much of its terrain is mountainous, making it a winter sports destination. Many cultivated fields and small farms characterize its landscape both in the south and in the north. The country has a strong financial sector located in the capital, Vaduz, and has been identified as a tax haven. It is a member of the European Free Trade Association and part of the European Economic Area and the Schengen Area, but not of the European Union.
/m/09qvms	The 12th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony, honoring the best in film and television acting achievement for the year 2005, took place on January 29, 2006 at the Los Angeles Shrine Exposition Center, in Los Angeles, California. It was the 10th consecutive year the ceremony was held at the Center. The event was televised live by both TNT and TBS. It was the first ever year TBS televised the ceremony, while it was the 9th consecutive year that TNT had aired it.\nAmong the contenders for the film awards Brokeback Mountain received the highest number of nominations with four. Capote and Crash received the second highest number with three each. No film however received more than one award. In the television categories the mini-series Empire Falls and the spin-off series Boston Legal led the nominees with four nominations each. Desperate Housewives was the only series which won more than one award, two in total.\nThe Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award was presented to the former child actress Shirley Temple Black.
/m/03nm_fh	Twilight is a 2008 American romantic fantasy film based on Stephenie Meyer's popular novel of the same name. Directed by Catherine Hardwicke, the film stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson. It is the first film in The Twilight Saga film series. This film focuses on the development of the relationship between Bella Swan and Edward Cullen, and the subsequent efforts of Cullen and his family to keep Swan safe from a coven of evil vampires.\nThe project was in development for approximately three years at Paramount Pictures, during which time a screen adaptation that differed significantly from the novel was written. Summit Entertainment acquired the rights to the novel after three years of the project's stagnant development. Melissa Rosenberg wrote a new adaptation of the novel shortly before the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike and sought to be faithful to the novel's storyline. Principal photography took 44 days, and completed on May 2, 2008; the film was primarily shot in Oregon.\nTwilight was theatrically released on November 21, 2008, grossing over US$392 million worldwide. It was released on DVD March 21, 2009, and became the most purchased DVD of the year. The soundtrack was released on November 4, 2008. Following the film's success, New Moon and Eclipse, the next two novels in the series, were produced as films the following year.
/m/01gqfm	Beach volleyball is a team sport played by two teams of two players on a sand court divided by a net. In order to keep the ball in play, a team can only hit the ball up to three times before returning it over the net. It has been an Olympic discipline since the 1990s.\nAs in indoor volleyball, the object of the game is to send the ball over the net in order to ground it on the opponent's court, and to prevent the same effort by the opponent. A team is allowed up to three touches to return the ball. The ball is put in play with a service—a hit by the server from behind the rear court boundary over the net to the opponents. The rally continues until the ball is grounded on the playing court, goes \"out\", or is not returned properly.\nThe team winning a rally scores a point and serves to start the following rally. The four players serve in the same sequence throughout the match, changing server each time a rally is won by the receiving team. Originating in Southern California, beach volleyball has achieved worldwide popularity.
/m/019v9k	A bachelor's degree is usually an academic degree earned for an undergraduate course of study or major that in theory, depending on the location and the topic of study, is supposed to last three to five years, but can range more widely in duration, depending on ability and diligence of the student, whether or not the student balances work and other life commitments while attending school, the student's existing level of education, the availability of classes, and school policies. In some cases, it may also be the name of a second graduate degree, such as a Bachelor of Laws, Bachelor of Civil Law, the Bachelor of Music, the Bachelor of Philosophy, or the Bachelor of Sacred Theology, degree which are normally offered after a first graduate/bachelor's degree.\nDuring the Renaissance, those who received a doctorate, upon passing their final examinations, were decorated with berried branches of bay, an ancient symbol of highest honor. From this ancient custom derives the French word baccalauréat and by modification, the term \"bachelor\" in referring to one who holds a university degree.
/m/0161c2	Avril Ramona Lavigne is a Canadian and French singer-songwriter. She was born in Belleville, Ontario, and spent most of her youth in the town of Napanee. By the age of 15, she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain; by 16, she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $2 million. In 2002, when she was 17 years old, Lavigne broke onto the music scene with her debut album Let Go. Since her professional debut she has sold more than 30 million albums and over 50 million singles worldwide.\nLet Go made Lavigne the youngest female soloist to reach number 1 in the UK. As of 2013, it has sold nearly 7 million copies in the United States and over 17 million copies worldwide. Her breakthrough single, \"Complicated\", peaked at number 1 in many countries around the world, as did the album Let Go. Her second album, Under My Skin, was released in May 2004 and was her first album to peak at number 1 on the U.S. Billboard 200, eventually selling more than 10 million copies worldwide. The Best Damn Thing, Lavigne’s third album, was released in 2007, becoming her third number 1 album in the UK Albums Chart and featuring her first U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number 1 single, \"Girlfriend\". Lavigne has scored six number-one singles worldwide, including \"Complicated\", \"Sk8er Boi\", \"I'm with You\", \"My Happy Ending\", \"Nobody's Home\", and \"Girlfriend\". Lavigne is one of the top-selling artists releasing albums in the U.S., with over 11 million copies certified by the RIAA. Her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby, was released in March 2011. Goodbye Lullaby gave Lavigne her fourth top 10 album on the U.S. Billboard 200 and the UK Albums Chart and her third number 1 album in both Japan and Australia. Three months after the release of Goodbye Lullaby, Lavigne began work on her eponymous titled fifth studio album, which was released by Epic Records on 1 November 2013 following her departure from RCA Records.
/m/05tr7	Palau, officially the Republic of Palau, is an island country located in the western Pacific Ocean. It is geographically part of the larger island group of Micronesia. The country's population of around 21,000 is spread across 250 islands forming the western chain of the Caroline Islands. The most populous island is Koror. The islands share maritime boundaries with Indonesia, the Philippines, and the Federated States of Micronesia. The capital Ngerulmud is located in Melekeok State on the nearby island of Babeldaob.\nThe country was originally settled around 3,000 years ago by migrants from the Philippines and sustained a Negrito population until around 900 years ago. The islands were first visited by Europeans in the 18th century, and were made part of the Spanish East Indies in 1885. Following Spain's defeat in the Spanish–American War in 1898, the islands were sold to Imperial Germany in 1899 under the terms of the German–Spanish Treaty, where they were administered as part of German New Guinea. The Imperial Japanese Navy conquered Palau during World War I, and the islands were later made a part of the Japanese-ruled South Pacific Mandate by the League of Nations. During World War II, skirmishes, including the major Battle of Peleliu, were fought between American and Japanese troops as part of the Mariana and Palau Islands campaign. Along with other Pacific Islands, Palau was made a part of the United States-governed Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands in 1947. Having voted against joining the Federated States of Micronesia in 1979, the islands gained full sovereignty in 1994 under a Compact of Free Association with the United States.
/m/02qk2d5	The Arizona Wildcats basketball team is the intercollegiate men's basketball program representing the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, United States. The team competes in the Pacific-12 Conference of NCAA Division I. They are currently coached by Sean Miller.\nArizona has a long and rich basketball history. The program came to national prominence under the tutelage of former head coach Lute Olson, who since 1983 has established the program as among America's elite in college basketball. One writer referred to UA as \"Point Guard U\" because the school has produced successful guards like Steve Kerr, Sean Elliott, Damon Stoudamire, Khalid Reeves, Jason Terry, Gilbert Arenas, Mike Bibby, Jerryd Bayless and others.\nFrom 1985 to 2009, the Arizona basketball team reached the NCAA Tournament for 25 consecutive years, two years shy of North Carolina's record of 27. Despite a 1999 appearance later vacated by the NCAA, the media still cites Arizona's streak, and simply note the change. The Wildcats have reached the Final Four of the NCAA Tournament on four occasions. In 1997, Arizona defeated the University of Kentucky, the defending national champions, to win the NCAA National Championship. In Pac-10 play, former head coach Lute Olson currently holds the record for most wins as a Pac-10 coach at 327. In addition, the team has won 12 Pac-10 regular season titles and 4 Pac-10 tournament titles. Arizona also holds the distinction of recording 5 out of the 7 17–1 Pac-10 seasons. No team has gone undefeated since the formation of the Pac-10. Arizona has spent 110 weeks in the top 5 which is 10th all-time, 226 weeks in the top 10 which is 8th all-time and 423 weeks in the top 25 which is 10th all-time.
/m/0hv4t	Chinatown is a 1974 American neo-noir film, directed by Roman Polanski from a screenplay by Robert Towne, and starring Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, and John Huston. The film was inspired by the California Water Wars, a series of disputes over southern California water at the beginning of the 20th century by which Los Angeles interests secured water rights in the Owens Valley. The Robert Evans production, a Paramount Pictures release, was the director's last film in the United States, and features many elements of film noir, particularly a multi-layered story that is part mystery and part psychological drama.\nIn 1991 the film was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry for films that are \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant,\" and it is frequently listed among the greatest in world cinema. The 1975 Academy Awards saw it nominated eleven times, with an Oscar going to Robert Towne for Best Original Screenplay. The Golden Globe Awards honored it for Best Drama, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Screenplay. The American Film Institute placed it second among mystery films.\nA sequel, The Two Jakes, was released in 1990, again starring Nicholson, who also directed, with Robert Towne returning to write the screenplay. The film failed to generate the acclaim of its predecessor.
/m/03gr7w	Brad Douglas Paisley is an American singer-songwriter and musician. His songs are frequently laced with humor and pop culture references.\nPaisley was the 2008 CMA and ACM Male Vocalist of the Year winner. Starting with the release of his 1999 album Who Needs Pictures, Paisley has recorded nine studio albums and a Christmas compilation on the Arista Nashville label, with all of his albums certified gold or higher by the RIAA. In addition, as of 2013 he has scored 32 Top 10 singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, 18 of which have reached No. 1 with a record 10 consecutive singles reaching the top spot on the chart. On November 10, 2010, Paisley won the Entertainer of the Year award at the 44th annual CMA Awards.
/m/02x3lt7	Hannah Montana: The Movie is an American 2009 musical comedy-drama film based on the Disney Channel Original Series Hannah Montana, which was released on April 10, 2009, by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the second theatrical film based on a Disney Channel Original Series. The film was directed by Peter Chelsom with screenplay penned by Daniel Berendsen. The film was produced by David Blocker, Billy Ray Cyrus, Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, Steven Peterman and Michael Poryes. The film stars Miley Cyrus, Emily Osment, Mitchel Musso, Jason Earles, Moises Arias, Lucas Till, and Billy Ray Cyrus.\nThe film tells of how Hannah Montana's popularity begins to take over Miley Stewart's life. Her father forces her to take a trip to her hometown of Crowley Corners, Tennessee to get some perspective on what matters most in her life.\nFilming began in April 2008, much of it occurring in Columbia, Tennessee, and Los Angeles, California, and was completed in July 2008. The film was released in theaters on April 10, 2009 in the United States and Canada. As the teen sitcom originated on Disney Channel, Disney Channel premiered a teaser trailer of the film during their shows. The film enjoyed financial success, reaching No.1 at the box office, but received a moderately mixed response from critics.
/m/0dl9_4	Eastern Promises is a 2007 British crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg, from a screenplay written by Steven Knight. The film stars Viggo Mortensen, Naomi Watts and Vincent Cassel, and tells a story of a British midwife's interactions with the Russian Mafia in London. Principal photography began November 2006, in locations in and around London. The film has been noted for its plot twist, the subject of sex trafficking, and for its violence and realistic depiction of Russian career criminals, which includes detailed portrayal of the tattoos commonly worn by them.\nEastern Promises received positive critical reception, appearing on several critics' \"top 10 films\" lists for 2007. The film has won several awards, including the Audience Prize for best film at the Toronto International Film Festival and the Best Actor award for Mortensen at the British Independent Film Awards. The film received twelve Genie Award nominations and three Golden Globe Award nominations. Mortensen was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
/m/01gjw	A ballad is a form of verse, often a narrative set to music. Ballads derive from the medieval French chanson balladée or ballade, which were originally \"dancing songs\". Ballads were particularly characteristic of the popular poetry and song of the British Isles from the later medieval period until the 19th century and used extensively across Europe and later the Americas, Australia and North Africa. Many ballads were written and sold as single sheet broadsides. The form was often used by poets and composers from the 18th century onwards to produce lyrical ballads. In the later 19th century it took on the meaning of a slow form of popular love song and the term is now often used as synonymous with any love song, particularly the pop or rock power ballad.
/m/06fc0b	Adrian Grenier is an American actor, musician and director. He is best known for his lead role on the HBO original series, Entourage, as Vincent Chase.
/m/042ly5	James Paul Marsden is an American actor, singer and former Versace model. Marsden began his acting career guest-starring in multiple television shows such as Saved by the Bell, Touched by an Angel and Party of Five. He would then gain prominence with his portrayal of Scott Summers/Cyclops in the first three films of the X-Men film series and starred in 2006's Superman Returns which earned him a Saturn Award nomination.\nFollowing his breakthrough in comic book films, Marsden went on to star in various genre films including 2007's Hairspray which was a critical and commercial success and won many awards for its ensemble cast. As Corny Collins, he sang two songs for the film's soundtrack which has been certified Platinum by the RIAA. He would continue his success and star in family friendly films such as Enchanted, Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore and Hop.\nMarsden later starred in a range of independent films such as Small Apartments, Bachelorette, and Robot & Frank. He also returned to television guest-starring in Modern Family and playing Liz Lemon's love interest, Criss Chros in 30 Rock in a supporting role. Marsden then portrayed President John F. Kennedy in Lee Daniels' The Butler, and had a supporting role as an antagonist in Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues.
/m/05b7q	North Korea, officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, is a country in East Asia, in the northern part of the Korean Peninsula. The capital and largest city is Pyongyang. North Korea shares a land border with China to the north and north-west, along the Amnok and Tumen rivers. A small section of the Tumen River also forms North Korea's short border with Russia to the northeast. The Korean Demilitarized Zone marks the boundary between North Korea and South Korea. The legitimacy of this border is not accepted by either side, as both states claim to be the legitimate government of the entire peninsula.\nThe Korean Peninsula was governed by the Korean Empire from the late 19th century to the early 20th century, until it was annexed by the Empire of Japan in 1910. After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II, Japanese rule ceased. The Korean Peninsula was divided into two occupied zones in 1945, with the northern part of the peninsula occupied by the Soviet Union and the southern portion by the United States. A United Nations-supervised election held in 1948 led to the creation of separate Korean governments for the two occupation zones: the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in the north, and the Republic of Korea in the south. The conflicting claims of sovereignty led to the Korean War in 1950. An armistice in 1953 committed both to a cease-fire, but the two countries remain officially at war because a formal peace treaty was never signed. Both states were accepted into the United Nations in 1991.
/m/0fbtbt	The Primetime Emmy Award for Best Dramatic Show is one of the awards presented at the Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony.
/m/01lcxbb	Frederick Dewayne \"Freddie\" Hubbard was an American jazz trumpeter. He was known primarily for playing in the bebop, hard bop and post-bop styles from the early 1960s and on. His unmistakable and influential tone contributed to new perspectives for modern jazz and bebop.
/m/030_3z	Frank Wilton Marshall is an American film producer and director, often working in collaboration with his wife, Kathleen Kennedy. With Kennedy and Steven Spielberg, he was one of the founders of Amblin Entertainment. In 1991, he founded, with Kennedy, The Kennedy/Marshall Company, a film production company which has a contract with DreamWorks Studios. Since May 2012, with Kennedy taking on the role of co-chair at Lucasfilm, Marshall has been Kennedy/Marshall's sole principal. Marshall has consistently collaborated with directors Steven Spielberg, Peter Bogdanovich and Robert Zemeckis.
/m/01t_vv	Comedy-drama is a genre of theatre, film, and television that combines elements of comedy and drama, having both humorous and sometimes serious content.
/m/06z8s_	Ocean's Eleven is a 2001 American comedy-crime film and remake of the 1960 Rat Pack film of the same name. The 2001 film was directed by Steven Soderbergh and features an ensemble cast including George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Don Cheadle, Andy García, and Julia Roberts. The film was a success at the box office and with critics. Soderbergh directed two sequels, Ocean's Twelve in 2004 and Ocean's Thirteen in 2007, resulting in the term the Ocean's Trilogy. It was the fifth highest-grossing film of 2001.
/m/0486tv	Freestyle wrestling is a style of amateur wrestling that is practiced throughout the world. Along with Greco-Roman, it is one of the two styles of wrestling contested in the Olympic games. It is, along with track and field, one of the oldest organized sports in history. American high school and college wrestling is conducted under different rules and is termed scholastic and collegiate wrestling.\nFreestyle wrestling, like collegiate wrestling, has its greatest origins in catch-as-catch-can wrestling and, in both styles, the ultimate goal is to throw and pin your opponent to the mat, which results in an immediate win. Freestyle and collegiate wrestling, unlike Greco-Roman, also both allow the use of the wrestler's or his opponent's legs in offense and defense. Freestyle wrestling is the most complete style of standup wrestling and brings together traditional wrestling, judo, and sambo techniques.\nAccording to the International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles, freestyle wrestling is one of the four main forms of amateur competitive wrestling that are practiced internationally today. The other main forms of wrestling are Greco-Roman and Grappling. The Executive Board of the International Olympic Committee recommended dropping wrestling as a sport from the 2020 Olympic Games, but the decision was later reversed by the IOC.
/m/05z55	Pasta is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine, with the first reference dating to 1154 in Sicily. It is also commonly used to refer to the variety of pasta dishes. Typically pasta is made from an unleavened dough of a durum wheat flour mixed with water and formed into sheets or various shapes, then cooked and served in any number of dishes. It can be made with flour from other cereals or grains, and eggs may be used instead of water. Pastas may be divided into two broad categories, dried and fresh. Chicken eggs frequently dominate as the source of the liquid component in fresh pasta.\nMost dried pasta is commercially produced via an extrusion process. Fresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines, but today many varieties of fresh pasta are also commercially produced by large scale machines, and the products are widely available in supermarkets.\nBoth dried and fresh pasta come in a number of shapes and varieties, with 310 specific forms known variably by over 1300 names having been recently documented. In Italy the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary with locale. For example the form cavatelli is known by 28 different names depending on region and town. Common forms of pasta include long shapes, short shapes, tubes, flat shapes and sheets, miniature soup shapes, filled or stuffed, and specialty or decorative shapes.
/m/03qnc6q	The Tree of Life is a 2011 American dramatic art film with experimental elements written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring Brad Pitt, Sean Penn, and Jessica Chastain. The film chronicles the origins and meaning of life by way of a middle-aged man's childhood memories of his family living in 1950s Texas, interspersed with imagery of the origins of the universe and the inception of life on Earth..\nAfter several years in development and missing 2009 and 2010 release dates, the film premiered in competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Palme d'Or. Critics were divided about the film: some praised it for Malick's use of technical and artistic imagery, directorial style, and fragmented non-linear narrative; others criticised it for the same reasons. In January 2012, the film was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Cinematography. In the 2012 Sight & Sound critics' poll, 16 critics voted for it as one of their 10 greatest films ever made; this ranked it at #102 in the finished list. Five directors also voted, making the film ranked at #132 in the directors' poll.
/m/01jfrg	Jennifer Anne Garner (born April 17, 1972) is an Emmy-nominated and Golden Globe- and SAG Award-winning American actress. She is best known for her role as CIA agent Sydney Bristow on TV's Alias. Garner was born in Texas, the daughter of Patricia Ann (ne English), an English teacher from Oklahoma, and Billy Jack Garner, a chemical engineer who worked for Union Carbide from Texas. She is the middle child between two sisters, Melissa Garner Wylie (born 1969, resides in Boston, Massachusetts) and Susannah Kay Garner Carpenter (born January 24, 1975 in West Virginia, resides in Charleston, West Virginia). At three years old, Garner began taking ballet lessons which she continued throughout her youth. Although she admitted that she loved dancing, she never had ambitions to become a classical ballerina. When she was four years old, her father's job with Union Carbide relocated her family to Princeton, West Virginia, then to Charleston, West Virginia, where Garner resided until her college years. Garner and her sisters had a very strict home life as children. They were expected to attend church every Sunday, were not allowed to go to movies or wear make-up, and had to wait until they reached the age of 16 before they were allowed to have their ears pierced. Although Susannah broke the rules and had her ears pierced before she was 16, and Melissa had hers pierced at 16, Jennifer did not have her ears pierced until the age of 27. In 1990, Garner graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, where she played the saxophone. She then enroled at Denison University to study chemistry. Upon realizing that she enjoyed stage acting more than science, Garner changed her major to drama. While at Denison, Garner was initiated into the sorority Pi Beta Phi. Garner graduated from Denison in 1994 and continued her drama education at the National Theater Institute where she was trained by fight choreographer David Chandler, and told she was a natural in stage combat. Keen for immediate experience, she visited her friend, Clayton Kirlew, in New York City in 1995 and decided to take her chances in New York theatre. In New York City, Garner earned $150 a week as an understudy in a play. She was then cast in her first television role, a part in the television movie, Zoya, based on the Danielle Steel novel. Her next acting jobs were in two short-lived television series, Significant Others and Time of Your Life, and a recurring role in the series Felicity. In 1999, Garner was cast in one of the leading roles in the television movie, Aftershock: Earthquake in New York. For this role, she was required to have her ears pierced for the first time ever. However, once filming was completed, she then allowed the piercings to heal up again and could only wear clip-on earrings. She also appeared in the 2000 comedy Dude, Where's My Car?, playing Ashton Kutcher's girlfriend. In 2001, she appeared as a nurse in the big-budget epic Pearl Harbor, co-starring with her future husband Ben Affleck . Later in 2001, J. J. Abrams (who produced Felicity) approached Garner about starring in a new show he was working on for ABC. Garner auditioned for and was cast in the role of Sydney Bristow in the spy drama Alias. The series became a success and Garner won the award for \"Best Actress in a Television Series - Drama\" at the January 2002 Golden Globes. Alias had just begun a few months beforehand, and Garner won the award with only half the season's episodes aired. The series was successful, concluding in May 2006 after a fifth, abbreviated season (due to Garner's pregnancy, a development that was written into the storyline of the fifth season). Garner's salary for the show began at $45,000 an episode, rising to $150,000 per episode by the series' end. During the show's run, Garner received four consecutive Golden Globe nominations for her lead performance. She also received four consecutive Emmy Award|Emmy nominations for \"Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama...
/m/0bdjd	Forrest Gump is a 1994 American epic romantic comedy-drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Winston Groom. The film was directed by Robert Zemeckis and starred Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise and Sally Field. The story depicts several decades in the life of Forrest Gump, a naïve and slow-witted yet athletically prodigious native of Alabama who witnesses, and in some cases influences, some of the defining events of the latter half of the 20th century in the United States; more specifically, the period between Forrest's birth in 1944 and 1982.\nThe film differs substantially from Winston Groom's novel on which it is based, including Gump's personality and several events that were depicted. Filming took place in late 1993, mainly in Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. Extensive visual effects were used to incorporate the protagonist into archived footage and to develop other scenes. A comprehensive soundtrack was featured in the film, using music intended to pinpoint specific time periods portrayed on screen. Its commercial release made it a top-selling soundtrack, selling over 12 million copies worldwide.\nReleased in the United States on July 6, 1994, Forrest Gump received critical acclaim and became a commercial success as the top grossing film in North America released that year, being the first major success for Paramount Pictures since the studio's sale to Viacom earlier in the year. The film earned over $677 million worldwide during its theatrical run. The film won the Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director for Robert Zemeckis, Best Actor for Tom Hanks, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Visual Effects and Best Film Editing. It also garnered multiple other awards and nominations, including Golden Globe Awards, People's Choice Awards and Young Artist Awards, among others. Since the film's release, varying interpretations have been made of the film's protagonist and its political symbolism. In 1996, a themed restaurant, Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, opened based on the film, and has since expanded to multiple locations worldwide. The scene of Gump running across the country is often referred to when real-life people attempt the feat. In 2011, the Library of Congress selected Forrest Gump for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0hz55	24 is an American television series produced for the Fox network and syndicated worldwide, starring Kiefer Sutherland as Counter Terrorist Unit agent Jack Bauer. Each 24-episode season covers 24 hours in the life of Bauer, using the real time method of narration. Premiering on November 6, 2001, the show spanned 192 episodes over eight seasons, with the series finale broadcast on May 24, 2010. In addition, a television film, 24: Redemption, was broadcast between seasons six and seven. Fox announced in May 2013 that 24 would return as a 12-episode series titled 24: Live Another Day to debut on May 5, 2014.\nBauer is the only character to have appeared in every episode of the series. The series begins with his working for the Los Angeles–based Counter Terrorist Unit, in which he is a highly-proficient agent with an \"ends justify the means\" approach, regardless of the perceived morality of some of his actions. Throughout the series most of the main plot elements unfold like a political thriller. A typical plot has Bauer racing against the clock as he attempts to thwart multiple terrorist plots, including presidential assassination attempts, weapons of mass destruction detonations, cyber attacks, as well as conspiracies which deal with government and corporate corruption.
/m/0tbql	Wichita WICH-ə-taw is the largest city in the U.S. state of Kansas and the 49th-largest city in the United States. Located in south-central Kansas on the Arkansas River, Wichita is the county seat of Sedgwick County and the principal city of the Wichita metropolitan area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city population was 382,368; as of 2012, it was estimated to have increased to 385,577. In 2012, the estimated population of the Wichita metropolitan area was 636,105, and that of the larger Wichita-Winfield combined statistical area was 672,393.\nThe city began as a trading post on the Chisholm Trail in the 1860s, then was incorporated in 1870. It subsequently became a key destination for cattle drives traveling north from Texas to access railroads, earning it the nickname \"Cowtown\". In the 1920s and 1930s, businessmen and aeronautical engineers established a number of successful aircraft manufacturing companies in Wichita including Beechcraft, Cessna, and Stearman Aircraft. The city transformed into a hub of U.S. aircraft production and became known as \"The Air Capital of the World\". Beechcraft, Cessna, and other firms including Boeing, Learjet, and Spirit AeroSystems continue to operate factories in Wichita today, and the city remains a major center of the U.S. aircraft industry.
/m/08xwck	David Shore is a Canadian writer, and former lawyer, best known for his work writing and producing in television. Shore became known for his work on Family Law, NYPD Blue and Due South, also producing many episodes of the latter. He went on to create the critically acclaimed series, House.
/m/01sh2	A carbohydrate is a large biological molecule, or macromolecule, consisting of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen atoms, usually with a hydrogen:oxygen atom ratio of 2:1; in other words, with the empirical formula Cmn. Some exceptions exist; for example, deoxyribose, a sugar component of DNA, has the empirical formula C5H10O4. Carbohydrates are technically hydrates of carbon; structurally it is more accurate to view them as polyhydroxy aldehydes and ketones.\nThe term is most common in biochemistry, where it is a synonym of saccharide. The carbohydrates are divided into four chemical groups: monosaccharides, disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides. In general, the monosaccharides and disaccharides, which are smaller carbohydrates, are commonly referred to as sugars. The word saccharide comes from the Greek word σάκχαρον, meaning \"sugar.\" While the scientific nomenclature of carbohydrates is complex, the names of the monosaccharides and disaccharides very often end in the suffix -ose. For example, grape sugar is the monosaccharide glucose, cane sugar is the disaccharide sucrose, and milk sugar is the disaccharide lactose.
/m/01s7ns	Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler, simply known as Enrique Iglesias, is a Spanish-American singer-songwriter, actor, and record producer. Iglesias started his career in the mid-1990s on an American Spanish Language record label Fonovisa which helped turn him into one of the biggest stars in Latin America and the Hispanic Market in the United States becoming the biggest seller of Spanish-language albums of that decade. By the turn of the millennium he made a successful crossover into the mainstream market and signed a multi-album deal with Universal Music Group for an unprecedented US $48,000,000 with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope to release English albums. In 2010, he parted with Interscope and signed with another Universal Music Group label, Universal Republic.\nIglesias has sold over 100 million units worldwide, making him one of the best selling Spanish language artists of all time. He has had five Billboard Hot 100 top five singles, including two number-ones, and holds the record for producing 24 number-one Spanish-language singles on the Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks. He has also had 13 number-one songs on Billboard's Dance charts, more than any other single male artist. Altogether, Iglesias has amassed more than 70 number-one rankings on the various Billboard charts. Billboard has called him The King of Latin Pop and The King of Dance.
/m/0g33q	A washboard is a tool designed for hand washing clothing. With mechanized cleaning of clothing becoming more common by the end of the 20th century, the washboard has become better known for its originally subsidiary use as a musical instrument.\nThe traditional washboard is usually constructed with a rectangular wooden frame in which are mounted a series of ridges or corrugations for the clothing to be rubbed upon. For 19th century washboards, the ridges were often of wood; by the 20th century, ridges of metal were more common. A \"fluted\" metal washboard was patented in the United States in 1833. Zinc washboards were manufactured in the United States from the middle of the 19th century. In the late 20th century and early 21st century, ridges of galvanized steel are most common, but some modern boards are made of glass. Washboards with brass ridges are still made, and some who use washboards as musical instruments prefer the sound of the somewhat more expensive brass boards. One of the few musical instruments invented entirely in the United States is the Zydeco Frottoir, a distillation of the washboard into essential elements designed by Clifton Chenier and built by Willie Landry in 1946.
/m/04q24zv	Agora is a 2009 Spanish English-language historical drama film directed by Alejandro Amenábar and written by Amenábar and Mateo Gil. The biopic stars Rachel Weisz as Hypatia, a female mathematician, philosopher and astronomer in late 4th-century Roman Egypt, who investigates the flaws of the geocentric Ptolemaic system and the heliocentric model that challenges it. Surrounded by religious turmoil and social unrest, Hypatia struggles to save the knowledge of classical antiquity from destruction. Max Minghella co-stars as Davus, Hypatia's father's slave, and Oscar Isaac as Hypatia's student, and later prefect of Alexandria, Orestes.\nThe story uses historical fiction to highlight the relationship between religion and science amidst the decline of Greco-Roman polytheism and the Christianization of the Roman Empire. The title of the film takes its name from the agora, a gathering place in ancient Greece, similar to the Roman forum. The film was produced by Fernando Bovaira and shot on the island of Malta from March to June 2008. Justin Pollard, co-author of The Rise and Fall of Alexandria, was the historical advisor for the film.\nAgora was screened out of competition at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival in May, and opened in Spain on October 9, 2009 becoming the highest grossing film of the year for that country. Although the film had difficulty finding distribution, it was released country by country throughout late 2009 and early 2010. The film received a 53% overall approval rating from Rotten Tomatoes and seven Goya Awards in Spain, including Best Original Screenplay. It was awarded the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Feature Film Prize at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
/m/01cw13	Kallon Football Club commonly known as F.C. Kallon, formerly Sierra Fisheries, is a Sierra Leonean football club based in Freetown. The club is one of the top clubs in the Sierra Leone National Premier League and play their home games at the National Stadium in Freetown. The club owner, chairman and CEO is a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Mohamed Kallon. The club is coach by a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Musa Kallon, who is also the older brother of Mohamed Kallon.
/m/0gjv_	The University of London is a collegiate research university located in London, England, United Kingdom, consisting of 18 constituent colleges, 10 research institutes and a number of central bodies.\nLondon is the second-largest university by number of full-time students in the United Kingdom, with around 135,000 campus-based students and over 50,000 distance learning students in the University of London International Programmes. The university was established by Royal Charter in 1836, which brought together in federation London University and King's College.\nFor most practical purposes, ranging from admissions to funding, the constituent colleges operate on a semi-independent basis, with some recently obtaining the power to award their own degrees whilst remaining in the federal university. The nine largest colleges of the university are King's College London; University College London; Birkbeck; Goldsmiths; the London Business School; Queen Mary; Royal Holloway; SOAS; and London School of Economics and Political Science. The specialist colleges of the university include Heythrop College, specialising in philosophy and theology, and St George's, specialising in medicine. Imperial College London was formerly a member before it left the University of London in 2007.
/m/064t9	Pop music is a genre of popular music which originated in its modern form in the 1950s, deriving from rock and roll. The terms \"popular music\" and \"pop music\" are often used interchangeably, even though the former is a description of music which is popular.\nAs a genre, pop music is very eclectic, often borrowing elements from other styles including urban, dance, rock, Latin and country; nonetheless, there are core elements which define pop. Such include generally short-to-medium length songs, written in a basic format, as well as the common employment of repeated choruses, melodic tunes, and catchy hooks.\nSo-called \"pure pop\" music, such as power pop, features all these elements, using electric guitars, drums and bass for instrumentation; in the case of such music, the main goal is usually that of being pleasurable to listen to, rather than having much artistic depth. Pop music is generally thought of as a genre which is commercially recorded and desires to have a mass audience appeal.
/m/0180mw	ER is an American medical drama television series created by novelist Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 19, 1994 to April 2, 2009. It was produced by Constant c Productions and Amblin Entertainment, in association with Warner Bros. Television. ER follows the inner life of the emergency room of fictional County General Hospital in Chicago, Illinois, and various critical issues faced by the room's physicians and staff. The show ran for 15 seasons with a total of 331 episodes, becoming the longest-running primetime medical drama in American television history. It won 23 Emmy Awards, including the 1996 Outstanding Drama Series award, and received 124 Emmy nominations, which makes it the most nominated drama program in history. ER won 116 awards in total, including the Peabody Award, while the cast earned four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Ensemble Performance in a Drama Series.
/m/0x3r3	John Bordley Rawls was an American philosopher and a leading figure in moral and political philosophy. He held the James Bryant Conant University Professorship at Harvard University and the Fulbright Fellowship at Christ Church, Oxford. Rawls received both the Schock Prize for Logic and Philosophy and the National Humanities Medal in 1999, the latter presented by President Bill Clinton, in recognition of how Rawls' work \"helped a whole generation of learned Americans revive their faith in democracy itself.\"\nHis magnum opus, A Theory of Justice, was hailed at the time of its publication as \"the most important work in moral philosophy since the end of World War II,\" and is now regarded as \"one of the primary texts in political philosophy.\" His work in political philosophy, dubbed Rawlsianism, takes as its starting point the argument that \"most reasonable principles of justice are those everyone would accept and agree to from a fair position.\" Rawls employs a number of thought experiments — including the famous veil of ignorance — to determine what constitutes a fair agreement in which \"everyone is impartially situated as equals,\" in order to determine principles of social justice. He is one of the major thinkers in the tradition of liberal political philosophy. English philosopher Jonathan Wolff argues that \"while there might be a dispute about the second most important political philosopher of the 20th century, there could be no dispute about the most important: John Rawls. His student Samuel Freeman says that Rawls’s work will be recognized 'for centuries to come.'\"
/m/06y_n	South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone for the Comedy Central television network. Intended for mature audiences, the show has become famous for its crude language and dark, surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics. The ongoing narrative revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town.\nParker and Stone developed the show from two animated shorts they created in 1992 and 1995. The latter became one of the first Internet viral videos, which ultimately led to its production as a series. South Park debuted in August 1997 with great success, consistently earning the highest ratings of any basic cable program. Subsequent ratings have varied but it remains one of Comedy Central's highest rated shows, and is slated to air through at least 2016. The pilot episode was produced using cutout animation. All subsequent episodes are created with software that emulates the cutout technique. Parker and Stone perform most of the voice acting. Since 2000, each episode is typically written and produced during the week preceding its broadcast, with Parker serving as the primary writer and director. There have been a total of 247 episodes over the course of the show's 17 seasons.
/m/0clfdj	The 7th Critics' Choice Awards, honoring the best filmmaking of 2001, were given on 11 January 2002.
/m/0cq8nx	Mrs. Miniver is a 1942 American dramatic film directed by William Wyler, and starring Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon. Based on the 1940 novel Mrs. Miniver by Jan Struther, the film shows how the life of an unassuming British housewife in rural England is touched by World War II. She sees her eldest son go to war, finds herself confronting a German pilot who has parachuted into her idyllic village while her husband is participating in the Dunkirk evacuation, and loses her daughter-in-law as a casualty.\nProduced and distributed by MGM, the film features a strong supporting cast that includes Teresa Wright, Dame May Whitty, Reginald Owen, Henry Travers, Richard Ney and Henry Wilcoxon.\nMrs. Miniver won six Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress. In 1950, a film sequel The Miniver Story was made with Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon reprising their roles.\nIn 2006, the film was ranked number 40 on the American Film Institute's list celebrating the most inspirational films of all time. In 2009, the film was named to the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant and will be preserved for all time.
/m/02sg5v	A View to a Kill is the fourteenth spy film of the James Bond series, and the seventh and last to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Although the title is adapted from Ian Fleming's short story \"From a View to a Kill\", the film is the fourth Bond film after The Spy Who Loved Me, Moonraker and Octopussy to have an entirely original screenplay. In A View to a Kill, Bond is pitted against Max Zorin, who plans to destroy California's Silicon Valley.\nThe film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, who also wrote the screenplay with Richard Maibaum. It was the third James Bond film to be directed by John Glen, and the last to feature Lois Maxwell as Miss Moneypenny.\nDespite being a commercial success, with the Duran Duran theme song \"A View to a Kill\" performing well in the charts and earning a Golden Globe nomination for Best Song, the film received a mixed reception by critics and was disliked by Roger Moore. Christopher Walken, however, was praised for portraying a \"classic Bond villain\".
/m/02rx2m5	Into the Wild is a 2007 American biographical drama survival film written and directed by Sean Penn. It is an adaptation of the 1996 non-fiction book of the same name by Jon Krakauer based on the travels of Christopher McCandless across North America and his life spent in the Alaskan wilderness in the early 1990s. The film stars Emile Hirsch as McCandless with Marcia Gay Harden and William Hurt as his parents and also features Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, and Hal Holbrook.\nThe film premiered during the 2007 Rome Film Fest and later opened outside of Fairbanks, Alaska on September 21, 2007. It was later nominated for two Golden Globes and won the award for Best Original Song \"Guaranteed\" by Eddie Vedder. It was also nominated for two Academy Awards including Holbrook for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0244r8	Lisa Gerrard is an Australian musician, singer and composer who rose to prominence as part of the music group Dead Can Dance with music partner Brendan Perry.\nSince her career began in 1981, Gerrard has been involved in a wide range of projects. She received a Golden Globe Award for the music score to the film Gladiator, on which she collaborated with Hans Zimmer. In addition to singing, she is an instrumentalist for much of her work, most prolifically using the yangqin.
/m/02v60l	David Arquette is an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, wrestler, and fashion designer. A member of the Arquette acting family, he first became known during the mid-1990s after starring in several Hollywood films, such as the Scream series, Wild Bill, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer. He has since had several television roles, such as Jason Ventress on ABC's In Case of Emergency.\nIn addition to his acting career, Arquette took a brief foray into professional wrestling in early 2000, competing for World Championship Wrestling. During his tenure, Arquette became a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion, an angle that has been cited by wrestling commentators as being pivotal to the degradation of the title and the demise of WCW.
/m/01mxqyk	Benjamin \"BeBe\" Winans is a gospel and R&B singer. He is a member of the noted Winans family, most members of which are also gospel artists.
/m/02dlfh	David Wayne Spade is an American actor, comedian, and television personality. He rose to fame in the 1990s as a cast member on Saturday Night Live, for co-starring in the 1995 comedy Tommy Boy, and from 1997 until 2003 when he starred as Dennis Finch on Just Shoot Me!. He also starred as C. J. Barnes, along with Katey Sagal, James Garner, and Kaley Cuoco on 8 Simple Rules.\nHe starred as Russell Dunbar on the CBS sitcom Rules of Engagement. He also is working with TBS on an animated series based on his film, Joe Dirt.
/m/0b1q7c	Burn Hugh Gorman is an American-born English actor and musician. He is best known for portraying Owen Harper in Torchwood, William Guppy in Bleak House, and Stryver in The Dark Knight Rises. He is also known for his appearances in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street and films such as Johnny English Reborn, Red Lights, and Pacific Rim.
/m/04g51	Literature is a term that does not have a universally accepted definition, but which has variably included all written work; writing that possesses literary merit; and language that foregrounds literariness, as opposed to ordinary language. Etymologically the term derives from Latin literatura/litteratura \"writing formed with letters\", although some definitions include spoken or sung texts. Literature can be classified according to whether it is fiction or non-fiction, and whether it is poetry or prose; it can be further distinguished according to major forms such as the novel, short story or drama; and works are often categorised according to historical periods, or according to their adherence to certain aesthetic features or expectations.\nLiterature may consist of texts based on factual information, a category that may also include polemical works, biographies, and reflective essays, or it may consist of texts based on imagination. Literature written in poetry emphasizes the aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language—such as sound, symbolism, and metre—to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, ordinary meanings, while literature written in prose applies ordinary grammatical structure and the natural flow of speech. Literature can also be classified according to historical periods, genres, and political influences. While the concept of genre has broadened over the centuries, in general, a genre consists of artistic works that fall within a certain central theme; examples of genre include romance, mystery, crime, fantasy, erotica, and adventure, among others.
/m/02py_sj	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony, held in 1974; Macdonald Carey received the award for his portrayal of Tom Horton on Days of our Lives and it is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the daytime drama industry. The award has undergone several name changes, originally honoring actors in leading and supporting roles. Following the introduction of a new category in 1979, Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series, the award's name was altered to Outstanding Actor in a Daytime Drama Series before changing once again, to its current title, years later. The awards ceremony was not aired on television in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for lack of integrity. In 1985, another category was introduced, Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series, one criterion for this category was altered, requiring all actors to be aged 26 or above.\nThe 2013 recipient of the award is Doug Davidson, for his portrayal of Paul Williams on The Young and the Restless. The soap opera shares the number of most-awarded actors with General Hospital, with a total of eight wins each. In 2008, Anthony Geary became the actor with the most wins in the category when he won for a sixth time, surpassing David Canary's previous record. Geary went on to win again in 2012, thus far winning on seven occasions. Peter Bergman has been nominated on 18 occasions, more than any other actor.
/m/04tgp	Mississippi is a U.S. state located in the Southern United States. Jackson is the state capital and largest city with 175,437 people in 2012 up 1.1% from the 2010 U.S. Census with 173,514. The name of the state derives from the Mississippi River, which flows along its western boundary, whose name comes from the Ojibwe word misi-ziibi. Mississippi is the 32nd most extensive and the 31st most populous of the 50 United States. The state is heavily forested outside of the Mississippi Delta area, which was cleared for cotton cultivation in the 19th century. Today, its catfish aquaculture farms produce the majority of farm-raised catfish consumed in the United States. The state symbol is the Magnolia grandiflora tree. The state's flower is the Magnolia and the state bird is the Mockingbird. Mississippi has the lowest median household income, making it the poorest state in the nation.
/m/020fcn	Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World is a 2003 epic historical drama film co-written and directed by Peter Weir, starring Russell Crowe as Jack Aubrey, with Paul Bettany as Stephen Maturin and released by 20th Century Fox, Miramax Films and Universal Studios. The film's plot and characters are adapted from three novels in author Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey–Maturin series, which has a total of 20 novels of Jack Aubrey's naval career.\nAt the 76th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for 10 Oscars, including Best Picture. It won in two categories, Best Cinematography and Best Sound Editing and lost in all other categories to The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
/m/0f276	Hayden Christensen is a Canadian American actor. He began his career on Canadian television at age 13, then diversified into American television in the late 1990s. He was praised for his acting as Sam in Life as a House, which earned him nominations for both the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award. He gained international fame for his portrayal of the young Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith.
/m/01l2fn	Keira Christina Knightley is an English actress and model. Knightley began acting as a child on television and made her film debut in 1995. She had a supporting role as Sabé in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace and her first significant role came in The Hole. She gained widespread recognition in 2002 after co-starring in the film Bend It Like Beckham and achieved international fame in 2003 as a result of appearing as Elizabeth Swann in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.\nSince the Pirates of the Caribbean films, Knightley has become best known for starring in period drama films, such as Pride & Prejudice, Atonement, Silk, The Duchess, A Dangerous Method, and Anna Karenina. Knightley has also appeared in a variety of genres of Hollywood films, including the romantic comedy Love Actually, the historical action King Arthur, the psychological thriller The Jacket, biographical action Domino, the historical drama The Edge of Love, the film noir London Boulevard, the dystopian science fiction Never Let Me Go, the romantic drama Last Night, and the dark comedy Seeking a Friend for the End of the World.
/m/02d413	Philadelphia is a 1993 American drama film and one of the first mainstream Hollywood films to acknowledge HIV/AIDS, homosexuality, and homophobia. It was written by Ron Nyswaner, directed by Jonathan Demme and stars Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington.\nHanks won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Andrew Beckett in the film, while the song \"Streets of Philadelphia\" by Bruce Springsteen won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Nyswaner was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, but lost to Jane Campion for The Piano.
/m/02m92h	Robert John \"Bob\" Odenkirk is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer. He is best known for being the co-creator and co-star of the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show with Bob and David and for his role as Walter White's sleazy lawyer, Saul Goodman on AMC's Breaking Bad and its spin-off series Better Call Saul.\nIn the 1980s and 1990s, he worked as a writer for such television shows as Saturday Night Live, Get A Life, The Ben Stiller Show, and The Dennis Miller Show. In the mid-1990s, Odenkirk and David Cross created the Emmy-winning sketch comedy program Mr. Show with Bob and David, which ran for four seasons and ultimately became a cult success. In the early 2000s, Odenkirk discovered Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim and produced their television series Tom Goes to the Mayor and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!. He has directed three films: Melvin Goes to Dinner, Let's Go to Prison, and The Brothers Solomon.
/m/05kwx2	Timothy Leonard Spall, OBE is an English character actor and occasional presenter. Some of his more high-profile roles include Peter Pettigrew in the Harry Potter film series, Winston Churchill in the The King's Speech, Peter Taylor in The Damned United, Beadle Bamford in Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street and his own documentary Timothy Spall: Back at Sea. He also had a lead role in the Palme d'Or winning, five-time Academy Award nominated 1996 film, Secrets & Lies, had a supporting role in The Last Samurai, released in 2003, and played the lead role in Pierrepoint which was released in 2005.
/m/0jbk9	The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development is a Cabinet department in the Executive branch of the United States federal government. Although its beginnings were in the House and Home Financing Agency, it was founded as a Cabinet department in 1965, as part of the \"Great Society\" program of President Lyndon Johnson, to develop and execute policies on housing and metropolises.
/m/028rk	Dwight David \"Ike\" Eisenhower was the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961. He was a five-star general in the United States Army during World War II and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe; he had responsibility for planning and supervising the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the successful invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45 from the Western Front. In 1951, he became the first supreme commander of NATO.\nEisenhower was of Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry and was raised in a large family in Kansas by parents with a strong religious background. He attended and graduated from West Point and later married and had two sons. After World War II, Eisenhower served as Army Chief of Staff under President Harry S. Truman then assumed the post of President at Columbia University.\nEisenhower entered the 1952 presidential race as a Republican to counter the non-interventionism of Senator Robert A. Taft and to crusade against \"Communism, Korea and corruption\". He won by a landslide, defeating Democrat Adlai Stevenson and ending two decades of the New Deal Coalition. In the first year of his presidency, Eisenhower deposed the leader of Iran in the 1953 Iranian coup d'état and used nuclear threats to conclude the Korean War with China. His New Look policy of nuclear deterrence gave priority to inexpensive nuclear weapons while reducing the funding for conventional military forces; the goal was to keep pressure on the Soviet Union and reduce federal deficits. In 1954, Eisenhower first articulated the domino theory in his description of the threat presented by the spread of communism. The Congress agreed to his request in 1955 for the Formosa Resolution, which enabled him to prevent Chinese communist aggression against Chinese nationalists and established the U.S. policy of defending Taiwan. When the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957, he had to play catch-up in the space race. Eisenhower forced Israel, the UK, and France to end their invasion of Egypt during the Suez Crisis of 1956. In 1958, he sent 15,000 U.S. troops to Lebanon to prevent the pro-Western government from falling to a Nasser-inspired revolution. Near the end of his term, his efforts to set up a summit meeting with the Soviets collapsed because of the U-2 incident. In his 1961 farewell address to the nation, Eisenhower expressed his concerns about future dangers of massive military spending, especially deficit spending, and coined the term \"military–industrial complex\".
/m/0kryqm	Stephen Moyer is an English film and television actor and director who is best known as vampire Bill Compton in the HBO series True Blood since 2008. Moyer's first television role was in 1993 as Philip Masefield in the TV adaptation of the play Conjugal Rites, written by actor/playwright Roger Hall. In 1997 Moyer made his big-screen debut landing the lead role in the film adaptation of the long running comic strip Prince Valiant by Hal Foster, working alongside Ron Perlman and Katherine Heigl.
/m/016_mj	Christopher Julius \"Chris\" Rock III is an American comedian, actor, screenwriter, television producer, film producer, and director.\nAfter working as a standup comic and appearing in small film roles, Rock came to wider prominence as a cast member of Saturday Night Live in the early 1990s. He went on to more prominent film roles, and a series of acclaimed comedy specials for HBO.\nHe was voted as the fifth greatest stand-up comedian of all time by Comedy Central. He was also voted in the United Kingdom as the ninth greatest stand-up comic on Channel 4’s 100 Greatest Stand-Ups in 2007, and again in the updated 2010 list as the eighth greatest stand-up comic.
/m/07h1tr	Rufus Franklin Comer Jr. is the father of Anjanette Comer.
/m/0275n3y	The 11th Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film- and television-making in 2006, were given on December 18, 2006.
/m/05z_kps	Fish Tank is a 2009 British drama film written and directed by Andrea Arnold. The film won the Jury Prize at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. It also won the 2010 BAFTA for Best British Film. It was filmed in the Mardyke Estate in Havering, the town of Tilbury, and the A13, and funded by BBC Films and the UK Film Council.
/m/017149	Edward Allen \"Ed\" Harris is an American actor, screenwriter, and director. He is best known for his performances in Pollock, Appaloosa, The Rock, The Abyss, A Beautiful Mind, A History of Violence, Enemy at the Gates, The Right Stuff, Gone Baby Gone, Radio, Paris Trout, Jackknife, Empire Falls, and Game Change. Harris has also narrated commercials for Home Depot and other companies. He is a three-time nominee of the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performances in Apollo 13, The Truman Show, and The Hours, along with an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination for his role in Pollock.
/m/01chg	Bollywood is the Hindi-language film industry based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The term is often incorrectly used to refer to the whole of Indian cinema; however, it is only a part of the total Indian film industry, which includes other production centres producing films in multiple languages. Bollywood is the largest film producer in India and one of the largest centres of film production in the world.\nBollywood is also formally referred to as Hindi cinema. There has been a growing presence of Indian English in dialogue and songs as well. It is common to see films that feature dialogue with English words, phrases, or even whole sentences.
/m/02vqsll	Frost/Nixon is a 2008 historical drama film based on the 2006 play of the same name by Peter Morgan which tells the story behind the Frost/Nixon interviews of 1977. The film was directed by Ron Howard and produced for Universal Pictures by Howard, Brian Grazer of Imagine Entertainment and Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner of Working Title Films, and received five Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actor and Best Director.\nThe film reunites its original two stars from the West End and Broadway productions of the play: Michael Sheen as British television broadcaster David Frost and Frank Langella as former United States President Richard Nixon.
/m/0s3pw	Champaign is a city in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. The city is located 135 miles south of Chicago, 124 miles west of Indianapolis, Indiana, and 178 mi northeast of St. Louis, Missouri. Though surrounded by farm communities, Champaign is notable for sharing the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with its sister city of Urbana. Champaign is also the home of Parkland College which serves about 18,000 students during the academic year. Due to the university and a number of well known technology startup companies, it is often referred to as the hub, or a significant landmark, of the Silicon Prairie. Champaign houses offices for Abbott, Archer Daniels Midland, Caterpillar, Deere & Company, Dow Chemical Company, IBM, State Farm, Science Applications International Corporation, and Sony, all of which are Fortune 500 companies.\nThe United States Census Bureau estimates the city was home to 82,517 people as of July 1, 2012. Champaign is the eleventh-most populous city in Illinois, and the fourth-most populous city in the state outside of the Chicago Metropolitan Area. In 2013, Champaign was rated fifth best place in the United States for a healthy work-life balance.
/m/0b2ds	The City of Monterey in Monterey County is located on the southern edge of Monterey Bay, on Central California's Pacific coast. It stands at an elevation of 26 feet above sea level, on a land area of 8.466 sq mi. The 2010 census recorded a population of 27,810.\nMonterey was the capital of Alta California from 1777 to 1846 under both Spain and Mexico. It was the only port of entry for taxable goods in California. In 1846 the U.S. flag was raised over the Customs House, and California was claimed for the United States.\nThe city had California's first theatre, public building, public library, publicly funded school, printing press, and newspaper. The city and surrounding area have attracted artists since the late 19th century and many celebrated painters and writers have lived there. Until the 1950s, there was an abundant fishery.\nAmong Monterey's notable present-day attractions are the Monterey Bay Aquarium, Cannery Row, Fisherman's Wharf and the annual Monterey Jazz Festival.
/m/06hx2	Robert Francis Kennedy, commonly known as \"Bobby\" or by his initials RFK, was an American politician, who served as a Senator for New York from 1965 until his assassination in 1968. He was previously the 64th U.S. Attorney General from 1961 to 1964, serving under his older brother, President John F. Kennedy and his successor, President Lyndon B. Johnson. An icon of modern American liberalism and member of the Democratic Party, Kennedy was a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 1968 election.\nAfter serving in the U.S. Naval Reserve as a Seaman Apprentice from 1944 to 1946, Kennedy graduated from Harvard College and the University of Virginia School of Law. Prior to entering public office, he worked as a correspondent to the Boston Post and as an attorney in Washington D.C.. He gained national attention as the chief counsel of the Senate Labor Rackets Committee from 1957 to 1959, where he publicly challenged Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa over the corrupt practices of the union, and published The Enemy Within, a book about corruption in organized labor.\nA prominent member of the Kennedy family, Bobby was the campaign manager for his brother Jack in the 1960 presidential election and was appointed Attorney General during his presidential administration. He also served as a White House adviser to the president from 1961 to 1963. His tenure is best known for its advocacy for the African-American Civil Rights Movement, crusade against organized crime and the mafia, and diplomacy during the Berlin Crisis of 1961. After his brother's assassination, Kennedy left the Johnson administration to run for the United States Senate in 1964, defeating Republican incumbent Kenneth Keating.
/m/0jm74	The Chicago Bulls are a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois, playing in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was founded on January 26, 1966. The Bulls play their home games at the United Center, also known as the \"Madhouse on Madison.\" The Bulls saw their greatest success during the 1990s. They are known for having one of the NBA's greatest dynasties, winning six NBA championships between 1991 and 1998 with two three-peats. All six championship teams were led by Hall of Famers Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen and coach Phil Jackson. The Bulls are the only NBA franchise to win multiple championships and never lose an NBA Finals in their history.\nThe Bulls won an NBA record-72 games during the 1995–96 NBA season and are the only team in NBA history to win 70 games or more in a single season. Many experts and analysts consider the 1996 Bulls to be one of the greatest teams in NBA history. As of 2013, the Bulls were estimated to be the third most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes, with an estimated value of $1 billion, earning an estimated $52.2 million in operating income in 2013. Michael Jordan and Derrick Rose have both won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award while playing for the Bulls, for a total of six MVP awards.
/m/02q7yfq	Machete is a 2010 American action comedy film written, produced and directed by Robert Rodriguez and also directed by Ethan Maniquis. This film is an expansion of a fake trailer that was included in Rodriguez's and Quentin Tarantino's 2007 Grindhouse double-feature. Machete continues the B movie and exploitation style of Grindhouse, and includes some of the footage. Danny Trejo stars in his first lead role as the title character.\nThe film also co-stars Robert De Niro, Jessica Alba, Don Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Steven Seagal, Lindsay Lohan, Cheech Marin and Jeff Fahey. This was Steven Seagal's first theatrical release film in eight years since his starring role in 2002's Half Past Dead. Machete was released in the United States by 20th Century Fox and Rodriguez's company, Troublemaker Studios, on September 3, 2010. A sequel -- Machete Kills—was released on October 11, 2013.
/m/015c2f	Cynthia Ellen Nixon is an American actress, best known for her portrayal of Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series Sex and the City, the film Sex and the City and its sequel Sex and the City 2. She is an Emmy, Grammy and Tony Award winner.\nNixon began her acting career in 1979, in the Afterschool Special The Seven Wishes of a Rich Kid and made her Broadway debut in 1980, in the revival of The Philadelphia Story. Other Broadway credits include, The Real Thing, Hurlyburly, Indiscretions, The Women, her Tony Award winning role in Rabbit Hole and Wit.\nFor her six seasons on Sex and the City, she received three Emmy nominations, winning in 2004. She won a second Emmy in 2008, for her guest role in Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. She also had a recurring role in the drama series The Big C. She won a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album in 2009, for An Inconvenient Truth. In 2010, she received the Vito Russo Award at the GLAAD Media Awards.\nHer other films include, Amadeus, The Manhattan Project, Let It Ride, Baby's Day Out Warm Springs, Little Manhattan, The Babysitters and Rampart.
/m/098n_m	William Todd Field, known professionally as Todd Field, is an American actor and three-time Academy Award nominated filmmaker known for writing, producing and directing In the Bedroom and Little Children.
/m/01rlxt	Richard Keith “Rick” Berman is an American television producer. He is best known for his work as the executive producer of several of the Star Trek series, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and Star Trek: Voyager; and several of the Star Trek theatrical productions, and for succeeding Gene Roddenberry as head of the Star Trek franchise, until the cancellation of Star Trek: Enterprise in 2005.
/m/013mtx	Longview is a city in Gregg and Harrison Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 80,455. Most of the city is located in Gregg County, of which it is the county seat; only a small part extends into the western part of neighboring Harrison County. It is situated in East Texas, on the grid of Interstate 20 and U.S. Highways 80 and 259, just north of the Sabine River. Longview is a commercial hub for the Longview Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nLongview is the principal city of the Longview Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is part of the larger MSA made up of Gregg, Upshur, and Rusk Counties. Longview is considered a major hub city in the region, as is the nearby city of Tyler.
/m/01wd9vs	Marilyn Bergman is a composer, songwriter and author.\nShe was born Marilyn Katz in Brooklyn, New York and studied psychology and English at New York University. She and her husband Alan Bergman, whom she married in 1958, were born in the same hospital and raised in the same Brooklyn neighborhood, but their first meeting did not take place till each had relocated to Los Angeles. Together they have written the music and lyrics for numerous television shows, films, and stage musicals. One of their early successes was \"Sleep Warm\" the title track to Dean Martin's 1959 album on which Frank Sinatra was the 'guest' conductor. Sinatra sang his first of their compositions, \"Nice 'n' Easy\", on his 1960 album Nice 'n' Easy.\nIn 1983, the couple became the first songwriters ever to have written three of the five tunes nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song – \"How Do You Keep the Music Playing?\" from Best Friends, \"It Might Be You\" from Tootsie, and \"If We Were in Love\" from Yes, Giorgio.\nBergman was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1980. In 1986 she was awarded the Women in Film Crystal Award for outstanding women who, through their endurance and the excellence of their work, have helped to expand the role of women within the entertainment industry. In 1995 she was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Berklee College of Music. The following year, she received France's highest cultural honor, the Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters medal.
/m/01p1v	Chile, officially the Republic of Chile, is a South American country occupying a long, narrow strip of land between the Andes mountains to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west. It borders Peru to the north, Bolivia to the northeast, Argentina to the east, and the Drake Passage in the far south. Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández, Salas y Gómez, Desventuradas, and Easter Island. Chile also claims about 1,250,000 square kilometres of Antarctica, although all claims are suspended under the Antarctic Treaty.\nChile's northern desert contains great mineral wealth, principally copper. The relatively small central area dominates in terms of population and agricultural resources, and is the cultural and political center from which Chile expanded in the late 19th century when it incorporated its northern and southern regions. Southern Chile is rich in forests and grazing lands, and features a string of volcanoes and lakes. The southern coast is a labyrinth of fjords, inlets, canals, twisting peninsulas, and islands.\nSpain conquered and settled Chile in the mid-16th century effectively replacing Inca rule in northern and central Chile but failed to conquer the independent Mapuche that inhabited south-central Chile. After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818, Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic. In the 19th century Chile experienced significant economic and territorial growth ending Mapuche resistance in the 1880s and gaining its current northern territory in the War of the Pacific after defeating Peru and Bolivia. In the late 1960s and early 1970s the country experienced severe left-right political polarization and turmoil. This development culminated with the 1973 Chilean coup d'état that overthrew Salvador Allende's left-wing government and instituted a 16-year-long right-wing military dictatorship that left more than 3,000 people dead or missing. The dictatorship headed by Augusto Pinochet ended in 1990 after it lost a referendum in 1988 and was succeeded by a centre-left coalition which ruled through four presidencies until 2010.
/m/0fr63l	Mighty Joe Young is a 1998 Disney family film starring Bill Paxton and Charlize Theron, and directed by Ron Underwood. It is based on the 1949 film of the same name. In this version, the ape is much larger than in the original.
/m/029jpy	New England is a region in the northeastern corner of the United States consisting of the six states of Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. New England is bordered by New York State to the west, Long Island Sound to the south, the Atlantic Ocean, the Canadian province of New Brunswick to the east, and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north.\nIn one of the earliest English settlements in North America, Pilgrims from England first settled in New England in 1620, to form Plymouth Colony. Ten years later, the Puritans settled north of Plymouth Colony in Boston, thus forming Massachusetts Bay Colony. Over the next 126 years, New England fought in four French and Indian Wars, until the British defeated the French and their native allies in North America.\nIn the late 18th century, the New England Colonies initiated the resistance to the British Parliament's efforts to impose new taxes without the consent of the colonists. The Boston Tea Party was a protest to which Great Britain responded with a series of punitive laws stripping Massachusetts of self-government, which were termed the \"Intolerable Acts\" by the colonists. The confrontation led to open warfare in 1775, the expulsion of the British authorities from New England in spring 1776 and the Declaration of Independence in July 1776.
/m/09qj50	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series. The award was first presented in 1953, but was not awarded again until 1959. It has been presented every year since then.
/m/0jc_p	Orange is a colour located between red and yellow on the spectrum of light, and in the traditional colour wheel used by painters. Its name is derived from the orange fruit.\nIn Europe and America, orange is commonly associated with amusement, the unconventional, extroverts, fire, activity, danger, taste and aroma, the autumn season, and Protestantism. In Asia, it is an important symbolic colour of Buddhism and Hinduism.
/m/05zvzf3	A Prophet is a 2009 French prison drama, directed by Jacques Audiard from a screenplay he co-wrote with Thomas Bidegain, Abdel Raouf Dafri and Nicolas Peufaillit. It stars Tahar Rahim in the title role as an imprisoned petty criminal of Algerian origins who rises in the inmate hierarchy, as he initiates himself into the Corsican and then Muslim subcultures.\nFor Audiard, the film aims at \"creating icons, images for people who don't have images in movies, like the Arabs in France,\" though he also had stated that the film \"has nothing to do with his vision of society,\" and is a work of fiction.\nIn 2010 the film won the BAFTA for Best Film Not in the English Language and was a nominee for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 82nd Academy Awards.
/m/01w4dy	The goblet drum is a single head membranophone with a goblet shaped body used mostly in the Middle East, North Africa, and Eastern Europe. The African djembe-wassolou is also a goblet membranophone. This article focuses on the Eastern and North-African goblet drum.
/m/0km5c	The German Shepherd Dog, commonly referred to as the German Shepherd or simply the Shepherd; frequently written in abbreviated form as the GSD; and sometimes known as the Alsatian, is a relatively new breed of dog that originated in the 1890s in Germany where it has been known since its founding as the deutsche Schäferhund which translates directly as the German Shepherd Dog. Under the guidance of the Society for German Shepherd Dogs, founded in 1899, and its President until 1935, Max von Stephanitz, the breed consolidated its primary characteristics, and, following World War I, became one of the most popular breeds around the world. The breed was developed from shepherding dogs, and is classified in most Breed Standards under Herding Group, Pastoral Group, Working Group, etc. However, because of the German Shepherd's strength, courage, intelligence and trainability, it has often been the preferred breed for many types of work including guide-dogs, personal-protection, search-and-rescue, police, military, and acting. Over the years, the breed has been criticised and, at times, fallen from favour because of issues related to temperament, health and physical structure. Nevertheless, in 2012, German Shepherds were the second-most popular dog in the United States and fourth-most popular in the United Kingdom.
/m/01fbr2	Hard bop is a style of jazz that is an extension of bebop music. Journalists and record companies began using the term in the mid-1950s to describe a new current within jazz which incorporated influences from rhythm and blues, gospel music, and blues, especially in saxophone and piano playing.\nDavid H. Rosenthal contends in his book Hard Bop that the genre is, to a large degree, the natural creation of a generation of African-American musicians who grew up at a time when bop and rhythm and blues were the dominant forms of black American music. Prominent hard bop musicians included Horace Silver, Art Blakey, Cannonball Adderley, Miles Davis and Tadd Dameron.\nHard bop is sometimes referred to as \"funky hard bop.\" The \"funky\" label refers to the rollicking, rhythmic feeling associated with the style. The descriptor is also used to describe soul jazz, which is commonly associated with hard bop. According to Mark C. Gridley, soul jazz more specifically refers to music with \"an earthy, bluesy melodic concept and... repetitive, dance-like rhythms.... Note that some listeners make no distinction between 'soul-jazz' and 'funky hard bop,' and many musicians don't consider 'soul-jazz' to be continuous with 'hard bop.'\" The term \"soul\" suggests the church, and traditional gospel music elements such as \"amen chords\" and triadic harmonies seemed to suddenly appear in jazz during the era.
/m/0300ml	Cagney & Lacey is an American television series that originally aired on the CBS television network for seven seasons from October 8, 1981 to May 16, 1988. A police procedural, the show stars Tyne Daly and Sharon Gless as New York City police detectives who lead very different lives: Christine Cagney was a single, career-minded woman, while Mary Beth Lacey was a married working mother. The series was set in a fictionalized version of Manhattan's 14th Precinct.\nThe two main actresses combined to win the Emmy for Best Lead Actress in a Drama for six consecutive years, a winning streak unmatched in any major category by a show.
/m/0zjpz	Richard Stephen \"Richie\" Sambora is an American rock guitarist, producer, musician, singer and songwriter who is the longtime lead guitarist of the rock band Bon Jovi. He and frontman Jon Bon Jovi form the primary songwriting unit of the band. He has also released three solo albums: Stranger in This Town in 1991, Undiscovered Soul in 1998, and his third, Aftermath of the Lowdown was released in September 2012.
/m/05gsd2	Calcio Padova is an Italian football club, based in Padua, Veneto. The club was founded in 1910. Padova currently plays in Serie B, having last been in Serie A in 1996. The team's official colours are white and red.\nSome famous players who played for Padova are Kurt Hamrin, Walter Zenga, Angelo Di Livio, Alessandro Del Piero, Vincenzo Iaquinta, Demetrio Albertini, Goran Vlaović, Alexi Lalas, Giuseppe Galderisi, and Lazio legend Tommaso Rocchi.
/m/01j2_7	Neuilly-sur-Seine is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 6.8 km from the centre of Paris.\nAlthough Neuilly is technically a suburb of Paris, it is immediately adjacent to the city and directly extends it. The area is composed of mostly wealthy, select residential neighbourhoods, as well as the headquarters of many corporations. It is often lumped together with some areas of the neighbouring 16th arrondissement of Paris as Auteuil-Neuilly-Passy, a compendium of \"bourgeois\" neighbourhoods in Paris. Neuilly is often considered as the richest of the 129 communes with over 20,000 inhabitants in France, at €55,786 per person.
/m/0kvnn	Steven Paul \"Elliott\" Smith was an American singer-songwriter and musician. Smith was born in Omaha, Nebraska, raised primarily in Texas, and resided for a significant portion of his life in Portland, Oregon, the area in which he first gained popularity. Smith's primary instrument was the guitar, but he was also proficient with piano, clarinet, bass guitar, drums and harmonica. Smith had a distinctive vocal style, characterized by his \"whispery, spiderweb-thin delivery\", and used multi-tracking to create vocal layers, textures and harmonies.\nAfter playing in the rock band Heatmiser for several years, Smith began his solo career in 1994, with releases on the independent record labels Cavity Search and Kill Rock Stars. In 1997, he signed a contract with DreamWorks Records, the label for which he recorded two albums. Smith rose to mainstream prominence when his song \"Miss Misery\"—included in the soundtrack for the film Good Will Hunting—was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Original Song category in 1998.\nSmith suffered from depression, alcoholism and drug dependence, and these topics often appear in his lyrics. At age 34, he died in Los Angeles, California, from two stab wounds to the chest. The autopsy evidence was inconclusive as to whether the wounds were self-inflicted. At the time of his death, Smith was working on his sixth studio album, From a Basement on the Hill, which was posthumously completed and released.
/m/08r98b	The Fort Lauderdale Strikers are an American professional soccer team based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Founded in 2006, they play in the North American Soccer League, the second tier of the American soccer pyramid. The team, known as Miami F.C. until 2011, are named for the original Strikers, who played in the old North American Soccer League from 1977 to 1983. They play their home games in Lockhart Stadium. They have a fierce in-state rivalry with the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
/m/01pb34	A cameo role or cameo appearance is a brief appearance or voice part of a known person in a work of the performing arts, typically unnamed or appearing as themselves. These roles are generally small, many of them non-speaking ones, and are commonly either appearances in a work in which they hold some special significance, or renowned people making uncredited appearances. Short appearances by celebrities, film directors, politicians, athletes or musicians are common. A crew member of the show or movie playing a minor role can be referred to as a cameo as well, such as Alfred Hitchcock's cameos.
/m/0kvgtf	Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is a 1993 American comedy-drama-romance film based on Tom Robbins' 1976 novel of the same name. The film was directed by Gus Van Sant and starred an ensemble cast led by Uma Thurman, Lorraine Bracco, Angie Dickinson, Noriyuki \"Pat\" Morita, Keanu Reeves, John Hurt, and Rain Phoenix. Robbins himself was the narrator. The soundtrack was sung entirely by k.d. lang. The film was dedicated to the late River Phoenix.
/m/0dzst	Duke University is a private research university located in Durham, North Carolina, United States. Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity in 1838, the school moved to Durham in 1892. In 1924, tobacco and electric power industrialist James B. Duke established The Duke Endowment, at which time the institution changed its name to honor his deceased father, Washington Duke.\nDuke ranked 17th in the world in the 2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, and 23rd in the world in the 2013 QS World University Rankings. In a study by The New York Times, its graduates were among the most valued in the world by employers. In the US, Duke tied the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Pennsylvania for 7th place in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report \"Best National Universities Rankings\". Forbes magazine ranked Duke 7th in the world on its list of 'power factories' in 2012. 40 Duke graduates have gone on to win prestigious Rhodes Scholarships to Oxford. 25 Duke graduates have gone on to receive Marshall Scholarships. Duke is also affiliated with 25 Churchill Scholars.\nThe university's athletic teams, known as the Blue Devils, have won 13 team national championships in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The men's basketball team has won four National Championships, while attending 15 Final Fours and 10 Championship games.
/m/0cfhfz	Nine Lives is a 2005 American drama film written and directed by Rodrigo García. The screenplay, an example of hyperlink cinema, relates nine short, loosely intertwined tales with nine different women at their cores. Their themes include parent-child relationships, fractured love, adultery, illness, and death. Similar to García's previous work, Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her, it is a series of overlapping vignettes, each one running about the same length and told in a single, unbroken take, featuring an ensemble cast.
/m/03q_g6	The Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical is an honor presented to producers for quality remixed recordings at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented as the Grammy Award for Remixer of the Year, Non-Classical at the 40th Grammy Awards in 1998 to Frankie Knuckles. While the award was under this name, it was presented without specifying a work; when it shifted to its current name in 2002 works were named. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented \"to recognize an individual who takes previously recorded material and adds or alters it in such a way as to create a new and unique performance\". The prize is given to the remixer, not the original artist.\nFrench disc jockey David Guetta, British producer Jacques Lu Cont, and Skrillex have each won the award twice. Three-time nominees are Steve \"Silk\" Hurley and Masters at Work, although neither artist has won the award. American producer Maurice Joshua was put forward in 2001 and 2003, and won in 2004 for Maurice's Soul Mix of \"Crazy in Love\". David Morales, Roger Sanchez, Hex Hector and Deep Dish have each been nominated for the award twice and have won it once.
/m/03f02ct	Rishi Kapoor is an Indian Bollywood actor, film producer and director. He received the National Film Award in 1971, for his debut role as a child artist, and Filmfare Best Actor Award for Bobby in 1974 as well as a number of other awards including the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008.
/m/02p_ycc	Arthur J. Nascarella is an American actor who has appeared in dozens of films, most often playing a mobster or police officer. Among his notable film credits include a corrupt cop in Cop Land, a hypocritical ambulance captain in Bringing Out The Dead and a fed-up casino boss in The Cooler; he has also appeared in Clockers, He Got Game, Enemy of the State, World Trade Center, and Solitary Man.\nHe played fictional mobster and Capo Carlo Gervasi in the hit TV-series The Sopranos.\nBefore he became an actor, Nascarella was a 20-year veteran of the New York City Police Department. He also served eight years in the United States Marine Corps.
/m/0661m4p	Men in Black 3 is a 2012 American 3D science fiction action comedy spy film released into theaters on May 25, 2012, starring Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, and Josh Brolin. Principal photography began in New York City on November 16, 2010, taking place ten years after its predecessor Men in Black II and fifteen years after the release of the original Men in Black. Barry Sonnenfeld and Steven Spielberg returned as director and executive producer respectively. It is the third installment in the Men in Black film series based on Lowell Cunningham's The Men in Black comic book series.\nMen in Black 3 received generally positive reviews from critics and became a box-office success with a worldwide gross of over $624 million. Before adjusting for inflation, it is also the highest grossing film in the series.
/m/08mbj5d	An official website is a website presenting valid and direct information about a topic.  In most cases it is a domain name, owned by the topic, and chosen to represent them on the internet in a considerable way.\n\n\"Official\" means something that may represent identity.  However, a MySpace, Facebook, or Twitter page should not be an official website.
/m/0klh7	Harvey Keitel is an American actor and producer. Some of his most notable starring roles were in Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets and Taxi Driver, Ridley Scott's The Duellists and Thelma & Louise, Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, Jane Campion's The Piano, Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant, James Mangold's Cop Land, F.B.I. Special agent Sadusky in National Treasure and the latter's sequel National Treasure: Book of Secrets, as well as playing the devil in Little Nicky. Along with actors Al Pacino and Ellen Burstyn, he is the current co-president of the Actors Studio, considered \"the nation's most prestigious acting school\".
/m/024tkd	The One Hundred Seventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 2001 to January 3, 2003, during the final weeks of the Clinton presidency and the first two years of the George W. Bush presidency. The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. The House of Representatives had a Republican majority, and the Senate switched majorities from Democratic to Republican and back to Democratic.
/m/020jqv	Paul Hamilton Williams, Jr. is an American composer, singer-songwriter, director, and actor. He is perhaps best known for popular songs performed by a number of acts in the 1970s including Three Dog Night's rendition of \"An Old Fashioned Love Song\", Helen Reddy's \"You and Me Against the World\", David Bowie's \"Fill Your Heart\", and the Carpenters' \"We've Only Just Begun\" and \"Rainy Days and Mondays\", as well as his contributions to films, such as writing the lyrics to the #1 chart-topping \"Evergreen\", the love theme from A Star Is Born, starring Barbra Streisand, for which he won a Grammy for Song of the Year and an Academy Award for Best Song; and \"Rainbow Connection\" from The Muppet Movie. He also composed the enormously popular opening theme for The Love Boat, originally performed by Jack Jones, and later, by Dionne Warwick.\nHe has also had a variety of high-profile acting roles such as Little Enos Burdette in the highly successful 1977 action-comedy Smokey and the Bandit, and as the villainous Swan in Brian De Palma's Phantom of the Paradise, as well as television, theater, and voice-over work for animation.
/m/0mdqp	Benjamin Edward \"Ben\" Stiller is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, screenwriter, film director, and producer. He is the son of veteran comedians and actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara.\nAfter beginning his acting career with a play, Stiller wrote several mockumentaries, and was offered his own show entitled The Ben Stiller Show, which he produced and hosted for its entire run: 13 episodes. Having previously acted in television, he began acting in films; he made his directorial debut with Reality Bites. Throughout his career he has written, starred in, directed, and/or produced over 50 films, including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, Zoolander, There's Something About Mary, Meet the Parents, DodgeBall, Tropic Thunder, the Madagascar series, Night at the Museum, and the sequel Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian. In addition, he has had multiple cameos in music videos, television shows, and films.\nStiller is a member of the comedic acting brotherhood colloquially known as the Frat Pack. His films have grossed more than $2.6 billion in Canada and the United States, with an average of $79 million per film. Throughout his career, he has received several awards and honors, including an Emmy Award, several MTV Movie Awards, and a Teen Choice Award.
/m/0473rc	Bedazzled is a 2000 fantastic-comedy film remake of the 1967 film of the same name, originally written by Peter Cook and Dudley Moore, which was itself a comic retelling of the Faust legend. The film was directed by Harold Ramis and stars Brendan Fraser and Elizabeth Hurley.
/m/04ls81	The Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team is the intercollegiate football team of the University of Notre Dame. The team is currently coached by Brian Kelly and play home games at the campus' Notre Dame Stadium, with a capacity of 80,795. Notre Dame competes as an Independent at the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision level and is a founding member of the Bowl Championship Series coalition. The Fighting Irish hold the highest winning percentage among college football programs and have 13 national championships recognized by the NCAA, tied for first out of all FBS schools in the post-1900 era. A record seven Notre Dame players have won the Heisman trophy and the program has produced an NCAA record 96 consensus All-Americans and 32 unanimous All-Americans, more than any other university. As of the 2013 NFL Draft, Notre Dame has produced and have had drafted the most NFL players of all-time.\nAll Notre Dame home games are televised on Notre Dame Football on NBC. Notre Dame is the only individual school to have its own national television contract, declined a subsequent invitation by the Big Ten to join the conference, and is the only independent program to be part of the BCS coalition and its guaranteed payout. These factors help make Notre Dame one of the most financially valuable football programs in the country.
/m/03gt46z	The 60th Writers Guild of America Awards honored the best film, television, and videogame writers of 2007. Winners were announced on February 9, 2008.
/m/01qvz8	Gigli is a 2003 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Martin Brest and starring Ben Affleck, Jennifer Lopez, Al Pacino, Christopher Walken, and Lainie Kazan.\nAfter a protracted battle between studio and director, a radically revised version of the original film was released. There was significant media attention and popular interest prior to its release, primarily because Affleck and Lopez, the film's stars, were romantically involved at the time. Critical reception was extremely negative, and in the years since its release Gigli has frequently been cited as one of the worst films ever made. The film was also a financial crash, grossing back only $7.2 million against a $75.6 million budget.
/m/015pkc	Tobias Vincent \"Tobey\" Maguire is an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s. He is known for his role as Peter Parker / Spider-Man in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man film trilogy, as well as for his roles in Pleasantville, The Cider House Rules, Wonder Boys, Seabiscuit, Brothers, and The Great Gatsby. He has been nominated for Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Awards and received two Saturn Awards, including one for Best Actor.
/m/0qpqn	Scottsdale is a city in the eastern part of Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, adjacent to the Greater Phoenix Area. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, as of 2010 the population of the city was 217,385. The 2013 Population is estimated to be of about 224,000 people living within the city, The New York Times described downtown Scottsdale as \"a desert version of Miami's South Beach\" and as having \"plenty of late night partying and a buzzing hotel scene\". Its slogan is \"The West's Most Western Town\".\nScottsdale, 31 miles long and 11.4 miles wide at its widest point, shares boundaries with many other municipalities and entities. On the west, Scottsdale is bordered by Phoenix, Paradise Valley, and unincorporated Maricopa County land. Carefree is also located along the eastern boundary, as well as sharing Scottsdale's northern boundary with the Tonto National Forest. To the south Scottsdale is bordered by Tempe. The southern boundary is also occupied by the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community, which also extends along the Eastern boundary, which also borders Fountain Hills, the McDowell Mountain Regional Park and more unincorporated Maricopa County land.
/m/0g824	Alicia Augello Cook, known professionally as Alicia Keys, is an American R&B singer-songwriter, pianist, musician, record producer, and actress. Keys released her debut album with J Records, having had previous record deals first with Columbia and then Arista Records. Keys' debut album, Songs in A Minor, was a commercial success, selling over 12 million copies worldwide. She became the best-selling new artist and best-selling R&B artist of 2001. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002, including Best New Artist and Song of the Year for \"Fallin'\" becoming the second American recording artist to win five Grammys in one night. Her second studio album, The Diary of Alicia Keys, was released in 2003 and was also another success worldwide, selling eight million copies. The album garnered her an additional four Grammy Awards in 2005. Later that year, she released her first live album, Unplugged, which debuted at number one in the United States. She became the first female to have an MTV Unplugged album to debut at number one and the highest since Nirvana in 1994.\nKeys made guest appearances on several television series in the following years, beginning with Charmed. She made her film debut in Smokin' Aces which included Ben Affleck, Andy Garcia, Chris Pine, Ryan Reynolds, Taraji P. Henson, Jeremy Piven and also went on to appear in The Nanny Diaries which starred Scarlett Johansson, Laura Linney, Paul Giamitti and Chris Evan in 2007. Her third studio album, As I Am, was released in the same year and sold five million copies worldwide, earning Keys an additional three Grammy Awards. The following year, she appeared in The Secret Life of Bees with Queen Latifah, Jennifer Hudson, Sophie Okonedo, and Dakota Fanning, which earned her a nomination at the NAACP Image Awards. She released her fourth album, The Element of Freedom, in December 2009, which became Keys' first chart-topping album in the United Kingdom. She released her fifth album, Girl on Fire, in November 2012, which became Keys' fifth chart-topping album in the United States. In February 2014, she released the Track Zebras and Airplanes, which was recorded 5 years back.
/m/04bbv7	Johnny Yong Bosch is an American actor, voice actor, and musician. He is known for portraying Adam Park in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. He provides English voices for a number of anime productions and video games, including Ichigo Kurosaki in Bleach, Itsuki Koizumi in The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, Vash the Stampede in Trigun and Lelouch Lamperouge in Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion He is the lead singer in the band Eyeshine.
/m/0crs0b8	Brighton Rock is a 2010 British crime film loosely based on Graham Greene's 1938 novel of the same name. Rowan Joffé wrote the screenplay and directed the film, which stars Sam Riley, Andrea Riseborough, Andy Serkis, John Hurt, Sean Harris and Helen Mirren.\nThe novel was previously made into a film in 1947 by the Boulting brothers under the same title. Although the novel and original film are both set in the 1930s, the 21st century adaptation takes place in Brighton and is set during the Mods and Rockers era of the 1960s.\nRiley plays \"Pinkie\", the role originally played by Richard Attenborough. It was largely filmed in the nearby town of Eastbourne, with Eastbourne Pier standing in for Brighton Pier, and at Beachy Head. Some scenes were shot at Hedsor House in Buckinghamshire and in Brighton itself.
/m/016yvw	Daniel Michael Blake Day-Lewis is an English actor. He holds both British and Irish citizenship. Born and raised in London, he is the son of Poet Laureate Cecil Day-Lewis and actress Jill Balcon. Despite his traditional actor training at the Bristol Old Vic, he is considered to be a method actor, known for his constant devotion to and research of his roles. He often remains completely in character for the duration of the shooting schedules of his films, even to the point of adversely affecting his health. He is known as being one of the most selective actors in the film industry, having starred in only five films since 1998, with as many as five years between each role.\nDay-Lewis is one of the most acclaimed actors of his generation and has earned numerous awards, including three Academy Awards for Best Actor, for his portrayals of Christy Brown in My Left Foot, Daniel Plainview in There Will Be Blood, and Abraham Lincoln in Lincoln, a feat which makes him to date one of three male actors to win three Oscars, and the only male actor in history to garner three wins in the lead actor category. Day-Lewis has also won four BAFTA Awards for Best Actor, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Critics' Choice Movie Awards, and two Golden Globe Awards.
/m/05zvj3m	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Comedic Performance. The award was not given in the 2013 ceremony.
/m/01nms7	Jena Malone is an American actress and musician. She made her movie debut with the film Bastard Out of Carolina and has appeared in films including Ellen Foster, Contact, Stepmom, Donnie Darko, Saved!, Pride & Prejudice, Into the Wild, The Ruins, Sucker Punch and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Malone is also an experimental musician who has released music both under her own name and as \"The Shoe\".
/m/03s5lz	Analyze This is a 1999 gangster comedy film directed by Harold Ramis, who co-wrote the screenplay with playwright Kenneth Lonergan and Peter Tolan. The film stars Robert De Niro as a mafioso and Billy Crystal as his psychiatrist. A sequel, Analyze That, was released in 2002.
/m/0ggjt	Earl Eugene Scruggs was an American musician noted for perfecting and popularizing a three-finger banjo-picking style that is a defining characteristic of bluegrass music.\nAlthough other musicians had played in three-finger style before him, Scruggs shot to prominence when he was hired by Bill Monroe to fill the banjo slot in his group, The Blue Grass Boys. He later reached a mainstream audience through his performance of \"The Ballad of Jed Clampett\", the theme for the network television hit The Beverly Hillbillies, in the early 1960s.
/m/09n5b9	Secretary of State is an official in the state governments of 47 of the 50 states of the United States, as well as Puerto Rico and other U.S. possessions. In Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, this official is called the Secretary of the Commonwealth. In the states of Alaska, Hawaii, and Utah, there is no Secretary of State; in those states many duties that a Secretary of State might normally execute fall within the domain of the Lieutenant Governor. Like the Lieutenant Governor, in most states the Secretary of State is in the line of succession to succeed the governor, in most cases immediately behind the Lieutenant Governor. In three states with no Lieutenant Governor; Arizona, Oregon and Wyoming, as well as the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, the Secretary of State is first in the line of succession in the event of a gubernatorial vacancy.\nCurrently, in 35 states, such as California, Illinois, and Mississippi, the Secretary of State is elected, usually for a four-year term. In others, the Secretary of State is appointed by the governor; Florida, Oklahoma, and Texas are amongst the states with this practice. In three states, the Secretary of State is elected by the state legislature; the General Assembly of Tennessee meets in joint convention to elect the Secretary of State to a four-year term, and the Maine Legislature and New Hampshire General Court also select their Secretaries of State, but to two-year terms. The longest serving state Secretary of State in history was Thad A. Eure of North Carolina, who served from 1936 until 1989.
/m/03z20c	Little Nicky is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Steven Brill. It stars Adam Sandler as Nicky.
/m/052_mn	Main Hoon Na is a Bollywood action comedy film co-written and directed by Farah Khan. The screenplay was written by Farah Khan and Abbas Tyrewala based on the story Anvita Dutt Guptan. It stars Shah Rukh Khan, Sunil Shetty, Sushmita Sen, Zayed Khan and Amrita Rao in the main cast.\nThe film is the story of Indian army Major Ram Prasad Sharma who becomes embroiled in the events to ensure that \"Project Milap\" - the releasing of civilian captives on either side of the borders of India and Pakistan - can take place as a sign of trust and peace between the two nations. Main Hoon Na is one of the most successful Indian films discussing the Indo-Pakistani conflict from a neutral point of view.\nIt is the first film of Shah Rukh Khan's production company Red Chillies Entertainment and choreographer Farah Khan's directorial debut film. It was released on 30 April 2004 and was declared a hit in India by Box Office India.
/m/0l8z1	The Academy Award for Best Original Score is presented to the best substantial body of music in the form of dramatic underscoring written specifically for the film by the submitting composer.
/m/02pq_rp	The 2006 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 6 and 7. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams.
/m/01pnn3	Elizabeth Jane Hurley is an English model and actress.\nShe has been associated with the cosmetics company Estée Lauder since the company gave Hurley her first modelling job at the age of 29. It has featured her as a representative and model for its products, especially perfumes such as Sensuous, Intuition, and Pleasures, since 1995. Hurley owns an eponymous beachwear line.\nAs an actress, her best-known film roles to date have been as Vanessa Kensington in Mike Myers' hit spy comedy, Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery and as the Devil in Bedazzled.\nIn the 1990s, Hurley became known as the girlfriend of Hugh Grant. In 1994, as Grant became the focus of international media attention due to the success of his film Four Weddings and a Funeral, Hurley accompanied him to the film's Los Angeles premiere in a plunging black Versace dress held together with gold safety pins, which gained her instant media attention.
/m/056_y	Madrid is the capital of Spain and its largest city. The population of the city is roughly 3.3 million and the entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area is calculated to be around 6.5 million. It is the third-largest city in the European Union, after London and Berlin, and its metropolitan area is the third-largest in the European Union after London and Paris. The city spans a total of 604.3 km².\nThe city is located on the Manzanares river in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid; this community is bordered by the autonomous communities of Castile and León and Castile-La Mancha. As the capital city of Spain, seat of government, and residence of the Spanish monarch, Madrid is also the political, economic and cultural centre of Spain. The current mayor is Ana Botella from the People's Party.\nThe Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP in the European Union and its influences in politics, education, entertainment, environment, media, fashion, science, culture, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major global cities. Due to its economic output, high standard of living, and market size, Madrid is considered the major financial centre of Southern Europe and the Iberian Peninsula; it hosts the head offices of the vast majority of the major Spanish companies, such as Telefónica, Iberia or Repsol. Madrid is the 10th most livable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2010 index.
/m/03cp4cn	Shutter Island is a 2010 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese. The film is based on Dennis Lehane's 2003 novel of the same name. Production started in March 2008. Leonardo DiCaprio stars as U.S. Marshal Edward \"Teddy\" Daniels, who is investigating a psychiatric facility on the titular island. Positively cited by movie reviewers, the film grossed over $128 million in its initial domestic theater release, as well as an additional $166 million internationally.\nShutter Island was originally slated to be released on October 2, 2009, but Paramount Pictures pushed the release date to February 19, 2010.
/m/0340hj	Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Entertainment and Laura Ziskin Productions, and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man. It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam and Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent. It is the final film in the Sam Raimi Spider-Man trilogy. The film stars Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, Bryce Dallas Howard, Rosemary Harris, J. K. Simmons, James Cromwell and Cliff Robertson in his final film appearance.\nSet months after the events of Spider-Man 2, Peter Parker has become a cultural phenomenon as Spider-Man, while Mary Jane Watson continues her Broadway career. Harry Osborn still seeks vengeance for his father's death, and an escaped Flint Marko falls into a particle accelerator and is transformed into a shape-shifting sand manipulator. An extraterrestrial symbiote crashes to Earth and bonds with Peter, influencing his behavior for the worse. When Peter abandons the symbiote, it finds refuge in Eddie Brock, a rival photographer, causing Peter to face his greatest challenge.\nDevelopment of Spider-Man 3 began immediately after the release of Spider-Man 2 for a 2007 release. During pre-production, Raimi originally wanted another villain to be included along with Sandman, but at the request of producer Avi Arad, the director added Venom and the producers also requested the addition of Gwen Stacy. Principal photography for the film began in January 2006, and took place in Los Angeles and Cleveland, before moving to New York City from May until July 2006. Additional pick-up shots were made after August and the film wrapped in October 2006. During post-production, Sony Pictures Imageworks created 900 visual effects shots.
/m/05nw9m	Pran Krishan Sikand, better known by his mononym, Pran, was a multiple Filmfare and BFJA award-winning Indian actor, known as a movie villain and character actor in Hindi cinema from the 1940s to the 1990s. He acted as a hero from 1940–47 and as a villain from 1942–1991 and played supporting and character roles from 1948–2007.\nIn a long and prolific career he appeared in over 350 films. He played the leading man in films like Khandaan, Pilpili Saheb and Halaku. His roles in the films like Madhumati, Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai, Upkar, Shaheed, Ram Aur Shyam, Aansoo Ban Gaye Phool, Johny Mera Naam, Victoria No. 203, Be-Imaan, Zanjeer, Don, Amar Akbar Anthony and Duniya are considered to be among his best performances.\nPran has received numerous awards and honours in his career. He won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award in 1967, 1969 and 1972 and was awarded the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997. He was awarded as the 'Villain of the Millennium' by Stardust in 2000. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 2001 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2013 for his contributions towards Indian cinema. In 2010, he was named on the list of CNN's Top 25 Asian actors of all time.
/m/01kckd	Aldershot Town Football Club is an English association football club based in Aldershot, Hampshire. The club participates in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of English football. The club was founded in the spring of 1992 after the closure of debt-ridden Fourth Division club Aldershot F.C..\nAldershot Town play at the Recreation Ground in Aldershot. They competed in Football League Two from 2008 to 2013 but were relegated from the Football League at the end of the 2012–13 season. Aldershot Town entered administration on 2 May 2013.
/m/01cz7r	Notting Hill is a 1999 British romantic comedy film set in Notting Hill, London, released on 21 May 1999. The screenplay was by Richard Curtis, who had written Four Weddings and a Funeral. It was produced by Duncan Kenworthy and directed by Roger Michell. The film stars Hugh Grant, Julia Roberts, Rhys Ifans, Emma Chambers, Tim McInnerny, Gina McKee and Hugh Bonneville.\nThe film was well received by critics, and became the highest grossing British film released that year. The film won a BAFTA, and was nominated in two other categories. Notting Hill won other awards, including a British Comedy Award and a Brit Award for the soundtrack, and is perceived to have become a classic over the years.
/m/03djpm	Post-industrial music is a collection of related music genres that emerged in the early 1980s, all of which blended elements of varying styles with the then new genre of industrial music. \"Industrial\" had first been applied to music in the mid-1970s by the Industrial Records label artists. Since then, a number of labels and artists have come to be called \"industrial\". These offshoots include fusions with noise music, ambient music, folk music, and electronic dance music, as well as other mutations and developments. The scene has spread worldwide, and is particularly well represented in North America, Europe, and Japan. The most commercially successful post-industrial subgenre is industrial metal.
/m/01_9c1	In American football and Canadian football, defensive backs are the players on the defensive team who take positions somewhat back from the line of scrimmage; they are distinguished from the defensive line players and linebackers, who take positions directly behind or close to the line of scrimmage.\nThe defensive backs, in turn, generally are classified into several different specialized positions:\nSafety:\nFree Safety - most often the deepest safety\nStrong Safety - the bigger more physical safety, much like a small, quicker linebacker\nDefensive halfback\nCornerback - which include:\nnickel back - the fifth defensive back in some sets, like the Nickel formation\ndime back - the sixth defensive back in some sets, like the Dime formation\nThe seventh defensive back, in the exceedingly rare 'quarter' set\nknown as a dollar back or a quarter back\nThe group of defensive backs is known collectively as the secondary. They most often defend the wide receiver corps; however, at times they may also line up against a tight end or a split out running back. They are usually the smallest, quickest players on the field.
/m/0c34mt	From Hell is a 2001 American horror mystery film directed by the Hughes brothers and loosely based on the graphic novel series of the same name by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell about the Jack the Ripper murders.
/m/0g2dz	The melodica, also known as the pianica, blow-organ or key-flute, is a free-reed instrument similar to the melodion and harmonica. It has a musical keyboard on top, and is played by blowing air through a mouthpiece that fits into a hole in the side of the instrument. Pressing a key opens a hole, allowing air to flow through a reed. The keyboard is usually two or three octaves long. Melodicas are small, light, and portable. They are popular in music education, especially in Asia.\nThe modern form of the instrument was invented by Hohner in the 1950s, though similar instruments have been known in Italy since the 19th century.\nThe melodica was first used as a serious musical instrument in the 1960s by composers such as Steve Reich, in his piece titled Melodica and jazz musician Phil Moore, Jr., on his 1969 Atlantic Records album Right On. Brazilian multi-instrumentalist Hermeto Pascoal developed a technique consisting of singing while playing the melodica, resulting in a wide tonal and harmonic palette. It is associated with Jamaican dub and reggae musician Augustus Pablo who popularized it in the 1970s. It was featured on the 1972 No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hit single, \"Oh Girl\" by the Chi-Lites. In the 1980s, electronic rock band New Order featured the melodica prominently, in songs such as \"Truth,\" \"Your Silent Face,\" \"Love Vigilantes,\", \"Hurt\" and \"In A Lonely Place\". Also the melodica provided the base melody line in the song \"And We Danced\" by The Hooters. The \"virtual band\" Gorillaz have used them heavily throughout their career, most notably on their first full length studio album. Melodicas have also been used in indie folk music by artists such as Rabbit of Steam Powered Giraffe and Paul Duncan of Warm Ghost, and Emmanuel Del Real of Café Tacvba. Additionally, the melodica is used by pop, alternative and electronica multi-instrumental and vocal artists such as Happy Tom.
/m/013tcv	Mark Anthony \"Baz\" Luhrmann is an Australian film director, screenwriter and producer best known for The Red Curtain Trilogy, comprising his films Strictly Ballroom, Romeo + Juliet, and Moulin Rouge!. In 2008, his film Australia was released, starring Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman. His version of The Great Gatsby was released in 2013.
/m/03f0vvr	John Robert Cocker OBE — known as Joe Cocker — is an English rock and blues singer, who came to popularity in the 1960s, and is known for his gritty voice, his idiosyncratic body movement in performance and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of The Beatles.\nHis cover of The Beatles' \"With a Little Help from My Friends\" reached number one in the UK in 1968, and he performed the song live at Woodstock in 1969. His 1975 hit single, \"You Are So Beautiful\", reached number five in the US. Cocker is the recipient of several awards, including a 1983 Grammy Award for his US number one \"Up Where We Belong\", a duet with Jennifer Warnes. In 1993 he was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male, and in 2007 he received an OBE at Buckingham Palace for services to music. Cocker was ranked #97 on Rolling Stone's 100 greatest singers list.
/m/01dc0c	Seven is a 1995 American detective-psychological thriller film written by Andrew Kevin Walker and directed by David Fincher. The film stars Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman, with Gwyneth Paltrow, R. Lee Ermey, John C. McGinley, and Kevin Spacey in supporting roles.\nThe newly transferred David Mills and the soon-to-retire William Somerset are homicide detectives who become deeply involved in the case of a sadistic serial killer whose meticulously planned murders correspond to the seven deadly sins: gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, pride, lust, and envy.\nThe film was released in the United States on September 22, 1995. Grossing $327 million at the box office internationally, Seven was a commercial success, and received positive reviews.
/m/0hzlz	South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa, is a country located at the southern tip of Africa. It has 2,798 kilometres of coastline that stretches along the South Atlantic and Indian oceans. To the north lie the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana and Zimbabwe; to the east are Mozambique and Swaziland; and within it lies Lesotho, an enclave surrounded by South African territory. South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 53 million people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation.\nSouth Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of 11 official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world. Two of these languages are of European origin: English and Afrikaans, the latter originating from Dutch and serving as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans. Though English is commonly used in public and commercial life, it is only the fourth most-spoken first language.\nAbout 80 percent of South Africans are of black African ancestry, divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status. The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European, Asian, and multiracial ancestry. All ethnic and linguistic groups have political representation in the country's constitutional democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. Since the end of apartheid, South Africa's unique multicultural character has become integral to its national identity, as signified by the Rainbow Nation concept.
/m/0d608	Daniel Edward \"Dan\" Aykroyd, CM is a Canadian comedian, actor, screenwriter and singer. He was an original cast member of Saturday Night Live, an originator of The Blues Brothers and Ghostbusters, and has had a long career as a film actor and screenwriter.\nIn 1990, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Driving Miss Daisy.
/m/0ch26b_	HUGO is a 2011 3D historical adventure drama film based on Brian Selznick's novel The Invention of Hugo Cabret about a boy who lives alone in the Gare Montparnasse railway station in Paris. It is directed and co-produced by Martin Scorsese and adapted for the screen by John Logan. It is a co-production between Graham King's GK Films and Johnny Depp's Infinitum Nihil. The film stars Asa Butterfield, Chloë Grace Moretz, Ben Kingsley, Sacha Baron Cohen, Helen McCrory, Ray Winstone, Emily Mortimer, Jude Law, and Christopher Lee.\nHugo is Scorsese's first film shot in 3D, of which the filmmaker remarked: \"I found 3D to be really interesting, because the actors were more upfront emotionally. Their slightest move, their slightest intention is picked up much more precisely.\" The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and released in the U.S. on November 23, 2011.\nThe film was received with critical acclaim, with many critics praising the visuals, acting, and direction. At the 84th Academy Awards, Hugo won five Oscars—for Best Cinematography, Best Art Direction, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Sound Editing—and its eleven total nominations was the most for the evening. Hugo also won two BAFTAs and was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards, earning Scorsese his third Golden Globe Award for Best Director.
/m/05z8cq	Kalmar Fotbollsförening, also known simply as Kalmar FF, is a Swedish professional football club based in Kalmar. The club is affiliated to Smålands Fotbollförbund and play their home games at Guldfågeln Arena. The club colours, reflected in their crest and kit, are red and white. Formed on 10 January 1910 as IF Göta, the club have won one national championship title and three national cup titles. The club is currently playing in Allsvenskan, where the season lasts from April to October. Kalmar FF's local rivals are Kalmar AIK and Östers IF.
/m/01tw31	William Rory Gallagher was an Irish blues-rock multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, and bandleader. Born in Ballyshannon, County Donegal, and raised in Cork, Gallagher recorded solo albums throughout the 1970s and 1980s, after forming the band Taste during the late 1960s. He was a talented guitarist known for his charismatic performances and dedication to his craft. Gallagher's albums have sold in excess of 30 million copies worldwide. Gallagher received a liver transplant in 1995, but died of complications later that year in London, UK at the age of 47.
/m/01jrvr6	Cole Albert Porter was an American composer and songwriter. Born to a wealthy family in Indiana, he defied the wishes of his domineering grandfather and took up music as a profession. Classically trained, he was drawn towards musical theatre. After a slow start, he began to achieve success in the 1920s, and by the 1930s he was one of the major songwriters for the Broadway musical stage. Unlike many successful Broadway composers, Porter wrote the lyrics as well as the music for his songs.\nAfter a serious horseback riding accident in 1937, Porter was left disabled and in constant pain, but he continued to work. His shows of the early 1940s did not contain the lasting hits of his best work of the 1920s and 30s, but in 1948 he made a triumphant comeback with his most successful musical, Kiss Me, Kate. It won the first Tony Award for Best Musical.\nPorter's other musicals include Fifty Million Frenchmen, DuBarry Was a Lady, Anything Goes, Can-Can and Silk Stockings. His numerous hit songs include \"Night and Day\", \"I Get a Kick Out of You\", \"Well, Did You Evah!\", \"I've Got You Under My Skin\", \"My Heart Belongs to Daddy\" and \"You're the Top\". He also composed scores for films from the 1930s to the 1950s, including Born to Dance, which featured the song \"You'd Be So Easy to Love\", Rosalie, which featured \"In the Still of the Night\"; High Society, which included \"True Love\"; and Les Girls.
/m/04pyp5	Hairdresser is a term referring to anyone whose occupation is to cut or style hair in order to change or maintain a person's image. This is achieved using a combination of hair coloring, haircutting, and hair texturing techniques. Most hairdressers are professionally licensed as either a hairdresser, a barber or a cosmetologist.
/m/07ss8_	Christopher Maurice \"Chris\" Brown is an American recording artist, dancer, and actor. Born in Tappahannock, Virginia, he taught himself to sing and dance at a young age and was involved in his church choir and several local talent shows. Having signed with Jive Records in 2004, Brown released his self-titled debut studio album the following year. It peaked at number two on the US Billboard 200 and was later certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. With his first single \"Run It!\" peaking atop the US Billboard Hot 100, Brown became the first male artist as a lead since Diddy in 1997 to have his debut single top the chart. His second album Exclusive spawned his second Hot 100 number one \"Kiss Kiss\", in addition to \"With You\" and \"Forever\". The album was also certified double platinum by the RIAA.\nIn 2009, Brown received much media attention after pleading guilty to felony assault of singer and his then-girlfriend Rihanna; he was sentenced to five years of probation and six months of community service. His third album Graffiti was released later that year, and included the top-twenty single \"I Can Transform Ya\". Brown's fourth album F.A.M.E. became his first to top the Billboard 200; it spawned hit singles \"Yeah 3x\", \"Look at Me Now\", and \"Beautiful People\". F.A.M.E. earned Brown his first Grammy Award for Best R&B Album at the 54th Grammy Awards. His fifth album Fortune was released in 2012. However, after the release of Exclusive, Brown's albums have not been well received by music critics.
/m/02bb47	The Stanford Graduate School of Business is one of the professional schools of Stanford University, in Stanford, California.\nStanford GSB offers a general management Master of Business Administration degree, the MSx Program and a Ph.D. program, along with a number of joint degrees with other schools at Stanford University including Earth Sciences, Education, Engineering, Law and Medicine. Stanford is the #1 ranked business school in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.
/m/01b9ck	Darryl Francis Zanuck was an American film studio executive and producer; he also contributed to the scripts of the films on which he worked. He played a major part in the Hollywood studio system as one of its longest survivors. He earned three Academy Awards during his tenure.
/m/0ctb4g	Atonement is a 2007 British romantic drama war film directed by Joe Wright and based on the 2001 novel of the same name by Ian McEwan. The film stars James McAvoy, Keira Knightley, Saoirse Ronan, Romola Garai, and Vanessa Redgrave and chronicles a crime and its consequences over the course of six decades, beginning in the 1930s. It was produced by Working Title Films and filmed in England and France. Distributed in most of the world by Universal Pictures, it was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 7 September 2007, and in North America on 7 December 2007.\nAtonement opened both the 2007 Vancouver International Film Festival and the 64th Venice International Film Festival, making Wright, at the age of 35, the youngest director ever to open the latter event. A commercial success, the film earned a worldwide gross of approximately $129 million against a budget of $30 million. Critics gave the drama positive reviews, praising its acting performances, its cinematography and Dario Marianelli's score. Atonement won an Oscar for Best Original Score at the 80th Academy Awards, and was nominated for six others, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress for Ronan. It also garnered 14 nominations at the 61st British Academy Film Awards, winning both Best Film and Production Design, and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.
/m/0cqgl9	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in miniseries or television movie.
/m/02flpc	The Grammy Award for Best Traditional Gospel Album was awarded from 1991 to 2011. A similar award, the Grammy Award for Best Soul Gospel Performance, Traditional was awarded from 1978 to 1983. It was previously known as the award Best Traditional Soul Gospel Album.\nAccording to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is reserved for \"albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded traditional gospel vocal tracks\" performed by \"solo artists, duos, groups or choirs/choruses.\"\nThe category was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, recordings in this category were shifted to the newly formed Best Gospel Album category.\nShirley Caesar and The Blind Boys of Alabama were the biggest recipients in this category with five wins each.
/m/05hgj	A novel is a long prose narrative written by a novelist that describes fictional characters and events, usually in the form of a sequential story. The genre has historical roots in antiquity and medieval and early modern romance and in the tradition of the novella. The latter, an Italian word used to describe short stories, supplied the present generic English term in the 18th century. The first significant European novelist is Miguel de Cervantes, author of Don Quixote, the first part of which was published in 1605.\nA more precise definition of the genre is historically difficult. However, the main elements that critics discuss are: the construction of the narrative, the plot, the relation to reality, the characterization, and the use of language. Most of these requirements were theorized in the 16th and 17th centuries.
/m/0k3ll	Worcester County is a county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The largest city and traditional county seat is the city of Worcester. As of the 2010 census, the population was 798,552. Worcester County is also the metropolitan statistical area for the city of Worcester. The Worcester metropolitan area is sometimes considered part of an extended Boston metropolitan area.
/m/04r7p	Liv Johanne Ullmann is a Norwegian actress and movie director, as well as one of the \"muses\" of the Swedish director Ingmar Bergman. Nominated five times for a best actress Golden Globe Award, winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama during 1972 for the drama movie The Emigrants, Ullmann has also been nominated for the Palme d'Or, twice for the Academy Award, and twice for a BAFTA Film Award.
/m/05g3b	The New England Patriots are a professional football team based in the Greater Boston area, playing their home games in the town of Foxborough, Massachusetts at Gillette Stadium. The team is part of the East Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The team changed its name from the original Boston Patriots after relocating to Foxborough in 1971, although Foxborough is a suburb of Boston, 22 miles away.\nAn original member of the American Football League, the Patriots joined the NFL in the 1970 merger of those leagues. The team advanced to the playoffs four times before appearing in Super Bowl XX in January 1986, losing to the Chicago Bears. The team also appeared in Super Bowl XXXI in January 1997, losing to the Green Bay Packers.\nSince the arrival of current head coach Bill Belichick in 2000, the Patriots became one of the most successful teams in NFL history. They are third in appearances in a Super Bowl with seven, and have the most appearances in the last 25 years. They have won all but two AFC East titles since 2001, and have not had a losing season since 2000. Before Belichick arrived, the Patriots had only notched consecutive playoff appearances twice in their history. Between 2001–2010, the Patriots set a record for most wins in a decade; they broke their own record in 2011, and again in 2012. Between 2001 and 2005, the Patriots became the second team in NFL history to win three Super Bowls in four years, and the eighth to win consecutive Super Bowls. The Patriots, however, were defeated by the New York Giants in Super Bowl XLII, after winning the first 18 games of their 2007 season. They were defeated again by the Giants in Super Bowl XLVI. During Belichick's tenure with the team along with quarterback Tom Brady, the Patriots have also compiled the longest winning streak consisting of regular season and playoff games in NFL history, a 21-game streak from October 2003 – October 2004. The Patriots contest one of the most bitter rivalries in the NFL, with the New York Jets.
/m/01fchy	Ministry was an American industrial metal band founded by lead singer Al Jourgensen in 1981. Originally a new wave synthpop outfit, Ministry changed its style to industrial metal in the late 1980s. Ministry found mainstream success in the early 1990s with its most successful album Psalm 69: The Way to Succeed and the Way to Suck Eggs and touring as part of the Lollapalooza festival.\nAfter 27 years of performing, Jourgensen decided to end the band in 2008, saying a reunion would never happen. However, in August 2011, a reunion was announced, when Ministry confirmed they would play one of their first shows in four years at the Wacken Open Air festival in August 2012. Ministry released a new album, Relapse, on March 23, 2012, which was followed by a world tour. Following the death of long time guitarist Mike Scaccia, Ministry disbanded after the release of their 2013 album From Beer to Eternity.
/m/04w391	Shia Saide LaBeouf is an American actor and director who became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens. LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 for his role. He made his film debut in Holes, based on the novel of the same name by Louis Sachar. In 2004, he made his directorial debut with the short film Let's Love Hate and later directed a short film titled Maniac, starring American rappers Cage and Kid Cudi.\nIn 2007, LaBeouf starred in the lead role of the commercially successful films, Disturbia, and Surf's Up. The same year he was cast in Michael Bay's science fiction film Transformers as Sam Witwicky, the main protagonist of the series. Despite mixed reviews, Transformers was a box office success and one of the highest grossing films of 2007. LaBeouf later appeared in its sequels Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and Transformers: Dark of the Moon, both also box office successes. In 2008, he played Henry \"Mutt Williams\" Jones III in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise. His other films include Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps, Lawless, The Company You Keep and Nymphomaniac.
/m/02z1nbg	The National Board of Review of Motion Pictures Award for Best Actress is one of the annual film awards given by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures.
/m/033jj1	Sean Patrick Hayes is an American actor, comedian, and producer. He is known for his role as Jack McFarland in the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, for which he won an Emmy Award, four SAG Awards, one American Comedy Award, and six Golden Globe nominations. He also portrayed comedian Jerry Lewis in the made-for-TV film Martin and Lewis.
/m/021pqy	Lagaan is a 2001 Indian epic sports drama film written and directed by Ashutosh Gowariker. Aamir Khan, who was also the producer, stars with Gracy Singh in the lead roles; British actors Rachel Shelley and Paul Blackthorne play the supporting roles. Made on a then-unprecedented budget of 250 million, the film was shot in an ancient village near Bhuj, India.\nThe film is set in the Victorian period of India's colonial British Raj and revolves around the peasants from a barren village who are oppressed by high taxes imposed by their rulers. They attempt to persuade the British officers to reduce the taxes because of poor agricultural production. Instead, a wager is offered: If their village team beats a British team in a game of cricket, their taxes for three years would be cancelled. After accepting this wager, the villagers face the arduous task of learning an alien game and playing for a result that will change their village's destiny.\nLagaan received critical acclaim and awards at international film festivals, as well as many Indian film awards. It became the third Indian film to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film after Mother India and Salaam Bombay!. It was one of the biggest box office hits of 2001. In 2010, the film was ranked No. 55 in Empire magazines \"The 100 Best Films of World Cinema\". In 2011, it was listed in Time magazine's special \"The All-TIME 25 Best Sports Movies\".
/m/03phtz	Daylight is a 1996 American disaster thriller film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Sylvester Stallone, Amy Brenneman, Viggo Mortensen, Dan Hedaya, Stan Shaw, Karen Young and Danielle Harris. It was released in theaters on December 6, 1996.
/m/031zkw	Lou Diamond Phillips is a Filipino American actor and director. His breakthrough came when he starred in the film La Bamba as Ritchie Valens. He earned a supporting actor Golden Globe Award nomination for his role in Stand and Deliver and a Tony Award nomination for his role in The King and I. Other notable films in which Phillips has starred include Courage Under Fire, Che, and Love Takes Wing.
/m/0grrq8	Robert Greenhut is an American film producer.\nBorn in New York City, Greenhut studied music at the University of Miami. He began his film career as a production assistant on Arthur Hiller's 1967 comedy The Tiger Makes Out. During the next seven years, he worked in various production capacities, rising through the ranks to become a production manager, assistant director, and associate producer. Greenhut served in that last capacity on The Front, a 1976 Hollywood blacklist drama starring Woody Allen. It was the first of many collaborations with the writer/director. Greenhut served as the executive producer and production manager of Annie Hall and went on to produce or executive produce every Allen-directed film through the period musical comedy Everyone Says I Love You in 1996.\nGreenhut also has worked extensively with Mike Nichols on Heartburn, Working Girl, Postcards from the Edge, Regarding Henry, and Wolf. His additional credits include Miloš Forman's Hair, Arthur, Martin Scorsese's The King of Comedy, and Penny Marshall's Big, A League of Their Own and Renaissance Man.\nGreenhut received a 1989 Crystal Apple Award from the NYC Mayor's Film Office for his contribution to the city's film industry. That same year, he was honored with the Eastman Kodak Award for lifetime achievement.
/m/043djx	The Thirty-first United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1849 to March 4, 1851, during the last 17 months of the Zachary Taylor presidency and the first months of Millard Fillmore's. The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. The Senate had a Democratic majority, while there was a Democratic plurality in the House.
/m/02h8hr	Akira Ishida is a Japanese voice actor.\nHe was a part of Mausu Promotion from 1988 until March 2009. He is a member of Gerbera Peerless Ltd. For his portrayal of \"Athrun Zala\" in Gundam Seed Destiny, he won the \"Best Supporting Character\" award at the first Seiyu Awards in 2007 and was chosen as the most popular voice actor in the Animage Anime Grand Prix in 2004 for his portrayal of the character Athrun Zala.
/m/053yx	Miles Dewey Davis III was an American jazz musician, trumpeter, bandleader, and composer. Widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century, Miles Davis was, with his musical groups, at the forefront of several major developments in jazz music, including bebop, cool jazz, hard bop, modal jazz, and jazz fusion.\nMiles Davis was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. Davis was noted as \"one of the key figures in the history of jazz\". On October 7, 2008, his 1959 album Kind of Blue received its fourth platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America, for shipments of at least four million copies in the United States. On December 15, 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a symbolic resolution recognizing and commemorating the album Kind of Blue on its 50th anniversary, \"honoring the masterpiece and reaffirming jazz as a national treasure\".
/m/0cbd2	A writer is a person who uses written words in various styles and techniques to communicate ideas. Writers produce various forms of literary art and creative writing such as novels, short stories, poetry, plays, news articles, screenplays, or essays. Skilled writers are able to use language to express ideas and their work contributes significantly to the cultural content of a society. The word is also used elsewhere in the arts – such as songwriter – but as a standalone term, \"writer\" normally refers to the creation of written language.\nWriters can produce material across a number of genres, fictional or non-fictional. Other writers use multiple media – for example, graphics or illustration – to enhance the communication of their ideas. Another recent demand has been created by civil and government readers for the work of non-fictional technical writers, whose skills create understandable, interpretive documents of a practical or scientific nature. Some writers may use images or multimedia to augment their writing. In rare instances, a creative writer is able to communicate their ideas via music as well as words.\nAs well as producing their own written works, writers often write on how they write;why they write; and also comment on the work of other writers. Writers work professionally or non-professionally, that is, for payment or without payment and may be paid either in advance, or only after their work is published. Payment is only one of the motivations of writers and many are never paid for their work.
/m/07bcn	Sacramento is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of government of Sacramento County. It is at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in the northern portion of California's expansive Central Valley. With an estimated 2011 population of 477,892, it is the sixth-largest city in California and the 35th largest city in the United States. Sacramento is the core cultural and economic center of the Sacramento metropolitan area which includes seven counties with an estimated 2009 population of 2,527,123. Its metropolitan area is the fourth largest in California after the Greater Los Angeles Area, San Francisco Bay Area, and the San Diego metropolitan area, as well as the 27th largest in the United States. In 2002, the Civil Rights Project at Harvard University conducted for TIME magazine named Sacramento “America’s Most Diverse City.”\nSacramento became a city through the efforts of the Swiss immigrant John Sutter, Sr., his son John Sutter, Jr., and James W. Marshall. Sacramento grew quickly thanks to the protection of Sutter's Fort, which was established by Sutter in 1839. During the California Gold Rush, Sacramento was a major distribution point, a commercial and agricultural center, and a terminus for wagon trains, stagecoaches, riverboats, the telegraph, the Pony Express, and the First Transcontinental Railroad.
/m/0gy4k	Foreign Correspondent is a 1940 American spy thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which tells the story of an American reporter who tries to expose enemy spies in Britain, a series of events involving a continent-wide conspiracy that eventually leads to the events of a fictionalized World War II. It stars Joel McCrea and features Laraine Day, Herbert Marshall, George Sanders, Albert Bassermann and Robert Benchley, along with Edmund Gwenn.\nThe film was Hitchcock's second Hollywood production since leaving the United Kingdom in 1939 and had an unusually large number of writers: Robert Benchley, Charles Bennett, Harold Clurman, Joan Harrison, Ben Hecht, James Hilton, John Howard Lawson, John Lee Mahin, Richard Maibaum, and Budd Schulberg, with Bennett, Benchley, Harrison, and Hilton the only writers credited in the finished film. It was based on Vincent Sheean's political memoir Personal History, the rights to which were purchased by producer Walter Wanger for $10,000.\nThe film was one of two Hitchcock films nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1941, the other being Rebecca, which went on to win the award. Foreign Correspondent was nominated for six Academy Awards, including one for Albert Bassermann for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, but did not win any.
/m/05qbckf	Iron Man 2 is a 2010 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008's Iron Man, and is the third installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux, the film stars Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell, Mickey Rourke, and Samuel L. Jackson. Set six months after the events of Iron Man, Tony Stark has revealed his identity as Iron Man and is resisting calls by the United States government to hand over the technology. Meanwhile, rogue Russian scientist Ivan Vanko has developed the same technology and built weapons of his own in order to pursue a vendetta against the Stark family, in the process joining forces with Stark's business rival, Justin Hammer.\nFollowing the successful release of Iron Man in May 2008, Marvel Studios announced and immediately set to work on producing a sequel. In July of that same year Theroux was hired to write the script, and Favreau was signed to return and direct. Downey, Paltrow and Jackson were set to reprise their roles from Iron Man, while Cheadle was brought in to replace Terrence Howard in the role of James Rhodes. In the early months of 2009, Rourke, Rockwell and Johansson filled out the supporting cast, and the film went into production that summer. Like its predecessor the film was shot mostly in California, except for a key sequence in Monaco.
/m/0ddt_	Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace is a 1999 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the fourth film to be released in the Star Wars saga, as the first of a three-part prequel to the original Star Wars trilogy, as well as the first film in the saga in terms of story chronology. The film was also Lucas' first production as a film director after a 22-year hiatus following the original Star Wars film, and only his fourth overall.\nThe film follows the Jedi Knight Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi, who escort and protect Queen Amidala in traveling from the planet Naboo to the planet Coruscant in the hope of finding a peaceful end to a large-scale interplanetary trade dispute. It also features a young Anakin Skywalker before he became a Jedi, introduced as a young slave boy who seems to be unusually strong with nascent powers of the Force, and must contend with the mysterious return of the Sith.\nLucas began production of this film after he had concluded that the science of film special effects had advanced to the level of what he wanted for his fourth film in the saga. Its filming took place during 1997 at various locations including Leavesden Film Studios and the Tunisian desert. Its visual effects included extensive use of computer-generated imagery, with some of its characters and settings being completely computerized and not existing at all in the real world.
/m/09d28z	The New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Picture is an award given by the New York Film Critics Circle, honoring the finest achievements in filmmaking.
/m/01xmxj	Yeovil Town Football Club is an English football club based in the town of Yeovil, Somerset. It is the only Somerset-based club in the Football League, competing in the Championship, the second tier of English football. This was achieved after winning the play-off final on 19 May 2013 against Brentford having previously won the League Two championship in 2004–05. Founded in 1895, Yeovil took 108 years to enter the Football League when they were promoted from the Football Conference as champions in 2003.\nYeovil have been one of the most successful non-league teams in the FA Cup – having defeated major Football League teams, most famously Sunderland in the 4th Round in 1949, going on to play in front of more than 81,000 against Manchester United at Maine Road. Since entering the Football League FA Cup results have deteriorated having only reached the 3rd Round twice including, in 2004, against Liverpool for which the club released a record prior to the tie sold only in shops in the town, \"Yeovil True\" reached #36 in the UK Singles Chart. The only other successful performance since then was in 2005 when they reached the 4th Round, drawn away against then Premier League side Charlton Athletic where they narrowly lost 3–2.
/m/01309x	James Vernon Taylor is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. A five-time Grammy Award winner, Taylor was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2000.\nTaylor achieved his breakthrough in 1970 with the No. 3 single \"Fire and Rain\" and had his first No. 1 hit the following year with \"You've Got a Friend\", a recording of Carole King's classic song. His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies. Following his 1977 album, JT, he has retained a large audience over the decades. His commercial achievements declined slightly until a resurgence during the late 1990s and 2000s, when he recorded some of his best-selling and most-awarded work.
/m/08322	Wuxia, which literally means \"martial hero\", is a broad genre of Chinese fiction concerning the adventures of martial artists. Although wuxia is traditionally a form of literature, its popularity has caused it to spread to diverse art forms such as Chinese opera, manhua, films, television series and video games. It is a component of popular culture in many Chinese-speaking communities around the world.\nThe word \"wuxia\" is a compound word composed of the words wu and xia. A martial artist who follows the code of xia is often referred to as a xiake or youxia. In some translated works of wuxia, the martial artist is sometimes termed as a \"swordsman\" or \"swordswoman\" even though he or she may not necessarily wield a sword.\nTypically, the heroes in wuxia fiction do not serve a lord, wield military power or belong to the aristocratic class. They are often from the lower social classes of ancient Chinese society. Wuxia heroes are usually bound by a code of chivalry that requires them to right wrongs, fight for righteousness, remove an oppressor, redress wrongs and bring retribution for past misdeeds. The Chinese xia traditions can be compared to martial codes from other countries, such as the Japanese samurai's bushido tradition, the chivalry of medieval European knights and the gunslingers of America's Westerns.
/m/03x1s8	Alabama State University, founded 1867, is a historically black university located in Montgomery, Alabama. ASU is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/03hzl42	Noah George Taylor is an English-born Australian actor and musician.
/m/0gr42	The Academy Award for Visual Effects is an Academy Award given for the best achievement in visual effects.
/m/013rds	David Nesta \"Ziggy\" Marley is a Jamaican musician and leader of the band, Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers. He is the oldest son of reggae legend Bob Marley.
/m/03975z	George Fenton is a film score composer, actor and composer.
/m/07b3r9	Charles Anthony \"Tony\" Thomas is an American television and film producer, who has produced TV series Nurses, Herman's Head, Blossom, Empty Nest, Benson, Beauty and the Beast, The Golden Girls, It's a Living, as well as Dead Poets Society.\nThomas is the son of Danny Thomas, and the younger brother of actresses Terre Thomas and Marlo Thomas. He married Ann Souder in 2005 in Montecito, California. Thomas was born in Hollywood, California.\nThomas serves as a member of the ALSAC/St. Jude Boards of Directors and Governors, directing the operation of the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital that his father had founded.
/m/05zppz	A male organism is the physiological sex which produces sperm. Each spermatozoon can fuse with a larger female gamete, or ovum, in the process of fertilization. A male cannot reproduce sexually without access to at least one ovum from a female, but some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually. Most male mammals, including male humans, have a Y chromosome, which codes for the production of larger amounts of testosterone to develop male reproductive organs.\nNot all species share a common sex-determination system. In most animals, including humans, sex is determined genetically, but in some species it can be determined due to social, environmental or other factors.
/m/070bjw	Joseph LaShelle, A.S.C. was a Los Angeles born film cinematographer.\nHe won an Academy Award for Laura, and was nominated on eight additional occasions.
/m/040fv	July is the seventh month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of seven months with the length of 31 days. It was named by the Roman Senate in honor of the Roman general, Julius Caesar, it being the month of his birth. Prior to that, it was called Quintilis. It is, on average, the warmest month in most of the Northern hemisphere and the coldest month in much of the Southern hemisphere. July is the rainiest and the month to have the most thunderstorms of the year. The second half of the year commences in July. In the Southern hemisphere, July is the seasonal equivalent of January in the Northern hemisphere.\nJuly starts on the same day of the week as April in every year, and January in leap years. In a common year no other month ends on the same day as July, while in a leap year July ends on the same day of the week as January. October of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a common year and May of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a leap year. February and October of the previous year end on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a common year and May of the previous year ends on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a leap year. In years immediately before common years, July starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, July starts on the same day of the week as June of the following year. In years immediately before common years, July ends on the same day of the week as April and December of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, July ends on the same day of the week as September of the following year.
/m/0bdwqv	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
/m/02rcdc2	The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is a 2007 biographical drama film based on Jean-Dominique Bauby's memoir of the same name. The film depicts Bauby's life after suffering a massive stroke, on 8 December 1995, at the age of 43, which left him with a condition known as locked-in syndrome. The condition paralyzed him from the neck down. Although both eyes worked, doctors decided to sew up his right eye as it was not irrigating properly and they were worried that it would become infected. He was left with only his left eye and the only way that he could communicate was by blinking his left eyelid.\nThe film was directed by Julian Schnabel, written by Ronald Harwood, and stars Mathieu Amalric as Bauby. It won awards at the Cannes Film Festival, the Golden Globes, the BAFTAs and the César Awards as well as four Academy Award nominations.
/m/0306ds	Lisa Gay Hamilton is an American film, television, and theater actress known for her role as attorney Rebecca Washington on the ABC legal drama The Practice, and for her critically acclaimed performance as young Sethe in Jonathan Demme's film adaptation of Toni Morrison's Beloved. Her theater credits include Measure for Measure, Henry IV Parts I & II, Athol Fugard’s, Valley Song and The Ohio State Murders. Hamilton was also an original cast member in the Broadway productions of August Wilson’s, The Piano Lesson and Gem of the Ocean.
/m/04zwjd	Lalo Schifrin is an Argentine pianist, composer, arranger and conductor. He is best known for his film and TV scores, such as the \"Theme from Mission: Impossible\". He has received four Grammy Awards and six Oscar nominations. Schifrin, associated with the jazz music genre, is also noted for work with Clint Eastwood in the late 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, particularly the Dirty Harry films.
/m/02301	The City College of the City University of New York is a senior college of the City University of New York in New York City. It is the oldest of City University's twenty-three institutions of higher learning. City College's thirty-five acre Manhattan campus along Convent Avenue from 130th Street to 141st Street is on a hill overlooking Harlem; its neo-Gothic campus was mostly designed by George Browne Post, and many of its buildings are landmarks.\nCCNY was the first free public institution of higher education in the United States and is considered the flagship campus of the CUNY public university system.
/m/0gqwc	Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role is one of the Academy Awards of merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry. Prior to the 49th Academy Awards ceremony, this award was known as the Academy Award of Merit for Performance by an Actress. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the Oscar for Best Actress. While actresses are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/0g26h	The administration of a business includes the performance or management of business operations and decision making as well as the efficient organization of people and other resources to direct activities toward common goals and objectives.\nThe word is derived from the Middle English word business administration ', which came from the French administration, itself derived from the Latin administratio — a compounding of ad and ministrare.\nAdministrator is occasionally the title of the general manager or company secretary who reports to a corporate board of directors. This usage is archaic. In general, administration refers to the broader management function, including the associated finance, personnel and MIS services and people to help.\nIn some organizational analyses, management is viewed as a subset of administration, specifically associated with the technical and operational aspects of an organization, distinct from executive or strategic functions. Alternatively, administration can refer to the bureaucratic or operational performance of routine office tasks, usually internally oriented and reactive rather than proactive. Administrators, broadly speaking, engage in a common set of functions to meet the organization's goals. These \"functions\" of the administrator were described by Henri Fayol as \"the six elements of administration\".
/m/02qgyv	John Christopher Reilly is an American actor, singer, producer, screenwriter, and comedian. Making his film debut in Casualties of War, Reilly is one of several actors whose careers were launched by Brian De Palma. To date, he has appeared in more than fifty films, including three separate films in 2002 that were all nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. He has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Chicago and a Grammy Award for the song \"Walk Hard\", which he performed in Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story. Reilly has starred in Check It Out! with Dr. Steve Brule, a television show on Adult Swim, since its premiere on May 16, 2010.
/m/0p_pd	William James \"Bill\" Murray is an American actor and comedian. He first gained exposure on Saturday Night Live in which he earned an Emmy Award and later went on to star in various comedy films, including Meatballs, Caddyshack, Ghostbusters, What About Bob?, and Groundhog Day. Murray garnered additional critical acclaim later in his career, starring in Lost in Translation, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor, the indie comedy-drama Broken Flowers and a series of films directed by Wes Anderson, including Rushmore, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Fantastic Mr. Fox, and Moonrise Kingdom.
/m/03yfh3	Stade Rennais Football Club is a French association football club based in Rennes. The club was founded in 1901 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football. Rennes plays its home matches at the Stade de la Route de Lorient located within the city. The team is managed by former football player Philippe Montanier and captained by defender Romain Danzé. The team's president is Frédéric de Saint-Sernin and its owner is Artémis, the holding company of businessman François Pinault.\nRennes was founded in 1901 under the name Stade Rennais and is one of the most recognizable football clubs in the Brittany region, alongside former Brittany inhabitants Nantes. The two are among the main clubs that contest the Derby Breton. Rennes is one of the founding members of the first division of French football. Along with Marseille, Montpelllier, Sochaux, and Nice, Rennes is the only club to have played in the inaugural 1932–33 season and still be playing in the first division as of today. The club has, however, never won Ligue 1. The club's best finish in the league has been 4th with the club accomplishing this feat on four occasions; most recently in the 2006–07 season. Rennes have won two Coupe de France titles in 1965 and 1971. After winning the Coupe de France in 1971, Rennes changed its name to its current version.
/m/03_6y	Joshua Carter Jackson is a Canadian-American actor. He has appeared in primetime television and in over 32 film roles. His well known roles include Pacey Witter in Dawson's Creek, Charlie Conway in The Mighty Ducks film series and Peter Bishop in Fringe.
/m/037css	Wimbledon Football Club was an English professional association football club from Wimbledon, south-west London. Founded in 1889 as Wimbledon Old Central Football Club, the club spent most of its history in amateur and semi-professional non-League football before being elected to the Football League in 1977 and reaching the First Division in 1986 after a mere nine seasons in the league and just four seasons after being in the Fourth Division.\nWimbledon stayed in the First Division and then the FA Premier League from 1986 until 2000. Most famously, in 1988, Wimbledon beat the then-champions Liverpool 1–0 in the FA Cup final, thus becoming only the third football club to have won both the FA Cup and the FA Amateur Cup, having won the latter in 1962–63.\nFollowing the publication of the Taylor Report, which recommended that all top-flight clubs play in all-seater stadiums, the club decided that it needed to move from its Plough Lane home in 1991. Wimbledon began to groundshare with nearby Crystal Palace, an originally temporary arrangement that ended up lasting for over twelve years. In May 2002, after rejecting a variety of possible new local sites, the club was granted permission to move 56 miles north to Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire. The move away from their native south London was deeply unpopular both with the bulk of the club's established fan base and football supporters generally. The majority of supporters responded to the planned relocation by forming a new club, AFC Wimbledon. Wimbledon moved in September 2003, and became Milton Keynes Dons in June 2004.
/m/05y5fw	David Benioff is an American novelist, screenwriter and television producer. He is the co-creator and showrunner of the HBO series Game of Thrones.
/m/0jbp0	Sir Patrick Stewart, OBE is an English film, television and stage actor, who has had a distinguished career on stage and screen. He is most widely known for his roles as Captain Jean-Luc Picard in Star Trek: The Next Generation and its successor films, as Professor Charles Xavier in the X-Men film series, and for his prolific stage roles with the Royal Shakespeare Company.\nIn 1993, TV Guide named him the best dramatic television actor of the 1980s, and television's sexiest man in the previous year.
/m/0gq9h	The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to producers working in the film industry and is the only category in which every member is eligible to submit a nomination. Best Picture is considered the most important of the Academy Awards, as it represents all the directing, acting, music composing, writing, editing and other efforts put forth into a film. Consequently, Best Picture is the final award and the conclusion of the annual Academy Awards ceremony. The Grand Staircase columns at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, where the Academy Awards ceremonies have been held since 2002, showcase every film that has won the Best Picture title since the award's inception. As of the 86th Academy Awards nominations, there have been 512 films nominated for the Best Picture award.
/m/0421v9q	The Proposal is a 2009 American romantic comedy film set in Sitka, Alaska. Directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Peter Chiarelli, the film features Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds in the leading roles, with Betty White, Mary Steenburgen, and Craig T. Nelson in supporting roles. The film was produced by Mandeville Films and released on June 19, 2009, in North America by Touchstone Pictures. The plot centers on a Canadian woman, Margaret Tate, who learns that she may face deportation charges because of her expired visa. Determined to retain her position as executive chief, Tate convinces her assistant, Andrew Paxton, to temporarily act as her fiance. Initially planning on resuming their lives after Tate resolves her visa issues, they appear to abandon those plans as their relationship intensifies.\nDevelopment on the film began in 2005, when Chiarelli wrote the film's script. Principal filming occurred over a period of two months from March to May 2008. The film received mixed reviews from critics, who disliked the script, though the performances and chemistry between Bullock and Reynolds were well received. The film was a box office success, grossing over $317 million worldwide, becoming the highest grossing romantic comedy film of 2009.
/m/0227tr	Brendan James Fraser is a Canadian-American film and stage actor. Fraser portrayed Rick O'Connell in the three-part Mummy film series, and is known for his comedic and fantasy film leading roles in major Hollywood films, including Encino Man, George of the Jungle, Looney Tunes: Back in Action, Journey to the Center of the Earth, and Inkheart. Has also appeared in numerous dramatic roles, including Gods and Monsters, The Quiet American, Crash, and Gimme Shelter.
/m/04306rv	German is spoken natively by approximately 100 million people, making it one of the world's major languages. It is also the most widely spoken first language in the European Union. With the inclusion of the second-language speakers, the number of German speakers is about 200 million.\nGerman is a West Germanic language and derives most of its vocabulary from the Germanic branch of the Indo-European language family. A number of words are derived from Latin and Greek, and fewer from French and English. Widely spoken languages which are most similar to German include Luxembourgish, Dutch, the Frisian languages and English.\nIt is written using the Latin alphabet. In addition to the 26 standard letters, German has three vowels with umlauts and the letter ß.\nGerman is a pluricentric language, with multiple countries having their own standardised variants. There is also one variant referred to as Standard German.\nGerman is the only official language of Germany, Austria and Liechtenstein, one of the official languages of Switzerland, Luxembourg and Belgium and a recognised minor language in many countries such as Italy, Slovenia, Hungary, Namibia and Poland.
/m/03_wm6	Brotherhood of the Wolf is a 2001 French historical horror-action film directed by Christophe Gans, written by Gans and Stéphane Cabel, starring Samuel Le Bihan, Mark Dacascos, Emilie Dequenne, Monica Bellucci, and Vincent Cassel.\nThe film is loosely based on a real-life series of killings that took place in France in the 18th century and the famous legend around the Beast of Gévaudan; Parts of the film were shot at Château de Roquetaillade. The film has several extended swash buckling scenes amongst several characters, and martial arts performances by Dacascos, making it unusual for a historical drama.\nThis $29 million-budgeted film was an international box office success, grossing over $70 million in worldwide theatrical release. In the United States, the film also enjoyed big commercial success; Universal Pictures paid $2 million to acquire the film's US distribution rights and this film went on grossing $11,260,096 in limited theatrical release in the United States, making it the second highest-grossing French-language film in the United States since 1980.
/m/017m2y	Heather Deen Locklear is an American actress, known for her television roles as Sammy Jo Carrington on Dynasty, Officer Stacy Sheridan on T.J. Hooker, Amanda Woodward on Melrose Place and Caitlin Moore on Spin City. She had a recurring role on the TV Land sitcom Hot in Cleveland and has a main role on the TNT drama-comedy television series Franklin & Bash as of 2013.
/m/03w9sgh	James D. Parriott is an award winning American writer, director, and producer, with his own self named production company.\nHe also created the series: Voyagers!, Misfits of Science, Forever Knight, Educating Matt Waters, The American Embassy and Defying Gravity.\nIn addition to numerous awards won by series he has created or produced, Parriott himself has been nominated for a number of awards, and has won three; the Writers Guild of America TV Award, and the Producers Guild of America Television Producer of the Year Award in Episodic series.
/m/0190_q	Space rock is a subgenre of rock music; the term originally referred to a group of early, mostly British, 1970s progressive and psychedelic rock bands such as Hawkwind, Gong and Pink Floyd, characterised by slow, lengthy instrumental passages dominated by electronic organs, synthesizers, experimental guitar work and science fiction or astronomical lyrical themes, though it was later repurposed to refer to a series of late 1980s British alternative rock bands that drew from earlier influences to create a more ambient but still melodic form of pop music. The term was revived in the 21st century to refer to a new crop of bands including The Flowers of Hell, Comets on Fire, and Flotation Toy Warning who diversely draw upon the ideas and sounds of both waves of the genre's founders.
/m/03qpp9	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality instrumental albums in the pop music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Pop Instrumental Album was first presented to Joe Jackson in 2001. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to albums containing \"at least 51% playing time of newly recorded pop instrumental tracks\". Award recipients often include the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists. In 2005, the producer of a compilation album was the only award recipient.\nAs of 2012, Larry Carlton and Booker T. Jones are the only musicians to receive the award more than once. Larry Carlton shares with the band Spyro Gyra the record for the most nominations with four.
/m/0d1tm	Eventing is an equestrian event where a single horse and rider combination compete against other combinations across the three disciplines of dressage, cross-country, and show jumping. This event has its roots in a comprehensive cavalry test requiring mastery of several types of riding. The competition may be run as a one-day event, where all three events are completed in one day or a three-day event, which is more commonly now run over four days, with dressage on the first two days followed by cross country the next day and then show jumping in reverse order on the final day. Eventing was previously known as Combined Training, and the name persists in many smaller organizations. The term \"Combined Training\" is sometimes confused with the term \"Combined Test\" which refers to a combination of just two of the phases, most commonly dressage and show jumping.
/m/0cfdd	A drum machine is an electronic musical instrument designed to imitate the sound of drums or other percussion instruments. They are most commonly associated with electronic music, but are also used in many other genres. They are also a common necessity when session drummers are not available or desired.\nMost modern drum machines are sequencers with a sample playback or synthesizer component that specializes in the reproduction of drum timbres. Though features vary from model to model, many modern drum machines can also produce unique sounds, and allow the user to compose unique drum beats.
/m/0bxg3	A fairy tale is a type of short story that typically features European folkloric fantasy characters, such as fairies, goblins, elves, trolls, dwarves, giants, witches, mermaids, or gnomes, and usually magic or enchantments. Fairy tales may be distinguished from other folk narratives such as legends and explicitly moral tales, including beast fables.\nIn less technical contexts, the term is also used to describe something blessed with unusual happiness, as in \"fairy tale ending\" or \"fairy tale romance\". Colloquially, a \"fairy tale\" or \"fairy story\" can also mean any farfetched story or tall tale; it's used especially of any story that not only isn't true, but couldn't possibly be true.\nIn cultures where demons and witches are perceived as real, fairy tales may merge into legends, where the narrative is perceived both by teller and hearers as being grounded in historical truth. However, unlike legends and epics, they usually do not contain more than superficial references to religion and actual places, people, and events; they take place once upon a time rather than in actual times.
/m/026390q	Thelma & Louise is a 1991 adventure female buddy film co-produced and directed by Ridley Scott and written by Callie Khouri. It stars Geena Davis as Thelma and Susan Sarandon as Louise, with Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen and Brad Pitt in supporting roles.\nThe film became a critical and commercial success, receiving six Academy Award nominations and winning one for Best Original Screenplay. Both Sarandon and Davis were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/013q0p	Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery is a 1997 American action comedy film and the first installment of the Austin Powers series. It was directed by Jay Roach and written by Mike Myers, who also starred as both Austin Powers and the antagonist Dr. Evil., Powers' arch-enemy. The film co-stars Elizabeth Hurley as Vanessa Kensington, Robert Wagner as Number 2, Seth Green as Scott Evil, and Michael York as Basil Exposition. Will Ferrell, Mimi Rogers, Carrie Fisher, Tom Arnold, Rob Lowe, Christian Slater, Cheri Oteri, Neil Mullarkey and Burt Bacharach made cameo appearances alongside an uncredited cameo by MADtv star Michael McDonald, among many others.\nThe film is a parody of the James Bond films as well as other parody films that also spoof James Bond and other 1960s spy films.\nThe film, which cost US$16.5 million, opened on May 2, 1997, to positive reviews. It made a modest impact at the box office, grossing US$53 million from its North American release and about US$68 million worldwide. The film later became a hit and cult classic in the home video market and cable television, spawning two sequels, Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me and Austin Powers in Goldmember, with a fourth film in the works.
/m/0bxtg	Thomas Jeffrey \"Tom\" Hanks is an American actor, producer, writer, and director. Hanks is best known for his roles in Big, A League of Their Own, Sleepless in Seattle, Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, Saving Private Ryan, You've Got Mail, The Green Mile, Cast Away, The Da Vinci Code, and Captain Phillips, as well as the animated films The Polar Express and the Toy Story series.\nHanks has earned and been nominated for numerous awards during his career, including winning a Golden Globe for Best Actor and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia and a Golden Globe, an Academy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a People's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump, and earning the Stanley Kubrick Britannia Award for Excellence in Film from the BAFTAs in 2004.\nHanks is also known for his collaboration with film director Steven Spielberg on Saving Private Ryan, Catch Me If You Can, and The Terminal, as well as the 2001 mini-series Band of Brothers, which launched Hanks also as a successful director, producer and writer. In 2010, Spielberg and Hanks were executive producers on the HBO mini-series The Pacific.
/m/04kjrv	Matthew James Bellamy is an English musician, singer, songwriter,multi-instrumentalist and composer. He is best known as the lead vocalist, lead guitarist, pianist, and main songwriter of the rock band Muse. As a performer, he is often recognised for his eccentric stage persona as well as his piano and guitar playing abilities.
/m/01cspq	Emeric Pressburger was a Hungarian British screenwriter, film director, and producer. He is best known for his series of film collaborations with Michael Powell, in a multiple-award-winning partnership known as The Archers and produced a series of classic British films, notably 49th Parallel, The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp, A Matter of Life and Death, Black Narcissus, The Red Shoes, and The Tales of Hoffmann.
/m/0h7x	Austria, officially the Republic of Austria, is a federal republic and a landlocked country of roughly 8.47 million people in Central Europe. It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Germany to the north, Hungary and Slovakia to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west. The territory of Austria covers 83,855 square kilometres and has a temperate and alpine climate. Austria's terrain is highly mountainous due to the presence of the Alps; only 32% of the country is below 500 metres, and its highest point is 3,798 metres. The majority of the population speak local Bavarian dialects of German as their native language, and German in its standard form is the country's official language. Other local official languages are Hungarian, Burgenland Croatian, and Slovene.\nThe origins of modern-day Austria date back to the time of the Habsburg dynasty when the vast majority of the country was a part of the Holy Roman Empire. From the time of the Reformation, many Northern German princes, resenting the authority of the Emperor, used Protestantism as a flag of rebellion. The Thirty Years War, the influence of the Kingdom of Sweden, and the rise of the Kingdom of Prussia, as well as the Napoleonic invasions, all weakened the power of the Emperor in the North of Germany, but in the South, and in non-German areas of the Empire, the Emperor and Catholicism maintained control. During the 17th and 18th centuries, Austria became one of the great powers of Europe and, in response to the coronation of Napoleon as the Emperor of the French, the Austrian Empire was officially proclaimed in 1804. Following Napoleon's defeat, Prussia emerged as Austria's chief competitor for rule of a larger Germany. Austria's defeat by Prussia at the Battle of Königgrätz, during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 cleared the way for Prussia to assert control over the rest of Germany. In 1867, the empire was reformed into Austria-Hungary. After the defeat of France in the 1870 Franco-Prussian War, Austria was left out of the formation of a new German Empire, although in the following decades its politics, and its foreign policy, increasingly converged with those of the Prussian-led Empire. During the 1914 July Crisis that followed the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, the German Empire guided Austria in issuing the ultimatum to Serbia that led to the declaration of the First World War.
/m/031hxk	The University of Cape Town is a public research university located in Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa. UCT was founded in 1829 as the South African College, and is the oldest university in South Africa and the second oldest extant university in Africa. The language of instruction is English.
/m/0hc1z	Apocalyptic fiction is a sub-genre of science fiction that is concerned with the end of human civilization. This apocalypse is typically portrayed as being due to a potentially existential catastrophe such as nuclear warfare, pandemic, extraterrestrial attack, impact event, cybernetic revolt, technological singularity, dysgenics, supernatural phenomena, divine judgment, runaway climate change, resource depletion, ecological collapse, or some other general disasters. Post-apocalyptic fiction is set in a world or civilization after such a disaster. The time frame may be immediately after the catastrophe, focusing on the travails or psychology of survivors, or considerably later, often including the theme that the existence of pre-catastrophe civilization has been forgotten. Post-apocalyptic stories often take place in a non-technological future world, or a world where only scattered elements of technology remain.\nThe genre gained popularity after World War II, when the possibility of global annihilation by nuclear weapons entered the public consciousness. However, recognizable apocalyptic novels had existed since the first quarter of the 19th century, when Mary Shelley's The Last Man was published.
/m/0bp_7	Wiesbaden is a city in southwest Germany and the capital of the federal state of Hesse. It has about 273,000 inhabitants, plus approximately 19,000 United States citizens. Wiesbaden, together with the cities of Frankfurt am Main, Darmstadt and Mainz, is part of the Frankfurt Rhine Main Region, a metropolitan area with a combined population of about 5.8 million people.\nWiesbaden is one of the oldest spa towns in Europe. Its name translates to \"meadow baths,\" making reference to the hot springs. At one time, Wiesbaden boasted 26 hot springs. Fourteen of the springs are still flowing today.\nIn 1970, the town hosted the tenth Hessentag state festival.
/m/01vzz1c	Sir Cliff Richard OBE is a British pop singer, musician, performer, actor and philanthropist. He is the third-top-selling singles artist in the United Kingdom's history, with total sales of over 21 million units in the UK and has reportedly sold an estimated 250 million records worldwide.\nWith his backing group the Shadows, Richard, originally positioned as a rebellious rock and roll singer in the style of Little Richard and Elvis Presley, dominated the British popular music scene in the pre-Beatles period of the late 1950s and early 1960s. His 1958 hit single \"Move It\" is often described as Britain's first authentic rock and roll song, and John Lennon once claimed that \"before Cliff and the Shadows, there had been nothing worth listening to in British music.\" Increased focus on his Christian faith and subsequent softening of his music later led to a more middle of the road pop image, sometimes venturing into contemporary Christian music.\nOver a career spanning more than 50 years, Richard has become a fixture of the British entertainment world, amassing many gold and platinum discs and awards, including three Brit Awards and two Ivor Novello Awards. He has had more than 130 singles, albums and EPs make the UK Top 20, more than any other artist and holds the record as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its first six decades. He has achieved 14 UK No. 1 singles and is the only singer to have had a No. 1 single in the UK in 5 consecutive decades: the 1950s through to the 1990s. In 2008, he celebrated his 50th anniversary in music by releasing a greatest hits album, featuring the new track \"Thank You for a Lifetime\", which reached number 3 in the UK singles chart. In November 2013, Richard released his latest album, The Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll Songbook, which became the 100th album of his career.
/m/02gn9g	Marvin Arthur \"Marv\" Wolfman is an American comic book writer. He is best known for lengthy runs on Marvel Comics The Tomb of Dracula, for which he and artist Gene Colan created the vampire-slayer Blade, and DC Comics' The New Teen Titans.
/m/02sfnv	Cannonball Run II is a comedy film featuring Burt Reynolds and an all-star cast, released by Warner Bros. and Golden Harvest. Like the original Cannonball Run, it is a set around an illegal cross-country race.\nThe film received eight Golden Raspberry Award nominations at the 1984 Golden Raspberry Awards, including Worst Picture, Worst Actor, and Worst Actress, but no wins.\nThis was the last of the \"formula\" comedies for Reynolds. It is also marked the final feature film appearances of Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra. Their appearances, coupled with those of Sammy Davis, Jr. and Shirley MacLaine, marked the final on-screen appearance of the old Rat Pack team.
/m/03hltjb	Anthony B. Richmond BSC, ASC is an English cinematographer.\nRichmond was married to actress Jaclyn Smith from 1981 to 1989. This marriage led eventually to work in Hollywood. Richmond remarried Film Producer Amanda DiGiulio in 1995. Richmond is a member of the American and British Societies of Cinematographers.
/m/099pks	King of the Hill is an American adult animated sitcom created by Mike Judge and Greg Daniels that ran from January 12, 1997, to May 6, 2010, on Fox. It centers on the Hills, a middle-class Methodist family in the fictional small town of Arlen, Texas. It attempts to retain a naturalistic approach, seeking humor in the conventional and mundane aspects of everyday life. Unlike other animated programs, plots were often cumulative, much like a prime-time drama. In addition, the show was known for its dramatic cliffhangers during season finales. This style of storytelling was unusual for an animated program at the time King of the Hill aired.\nJudge and Daniels conceived the series after a run with Judge's Beavis and Butt-head on MTV, and the series debuted on the Fox network as a mid-season replacement on January 12, 1997, quickly becoming a hit. The series's popularity led to worldwide syndication, and reruns air nightly on Adult Swim. The show became one of Fox's longest-running series, second longest as an animated series. In 2007 it was named by Time magazine as one of the top 100 greatest television shows of all time. The title theme was written and performed by The Refreshments. King of the Hill won two Emmy Awards and was nominated for seven.
/m/0h7pj	Walter Bruce Willis (born March 19, 1955), better known as Bruce Willis, is an American actor, producer, and musician. His career began in television in the 1980s and has continued both in television and film since, including comedic, dramatic, and action roles. He is well known for the role of John McClane in the Die Hard series, which were mostly critical and uniformly financial successes.
/m/0jtg0	The sitar is a plucked stringed instrument used mainly in Hindustani music and Indian classical music. The instrument descended from long-necked lutes taken to the Indian subcontinent from Central Asia and is also believed to be influenced by the Veena. The sitar flourished in the 16th and 17th centuries and arrived at its present form in the 18th century Mughal period. It derives its distinctive timbre and resonance from sympathetic strings, bridge design, a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber.\nUsed widely throughout the Indian subcontinent, the sitar became known in the western world through the work of Ravi Shankar beginning in the late 1950s and early 1960s. The sitar saw further use in popular music after the Beatles featured the sitar in their compositions \"Norwegian Wood\", \"Within You Without You\", \"Tomorrow Never Knows\" and \"Love You To\". Their use of the instrument came as a result of George Harrison's taking lessons on how to play it from Shankar and Shambhu Das. Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones also used a sitar in \"Paint It Black\" and a brief fad began for using the instrument in pop songs.
/m/07j9n	The Thirty Years' War was a series of wars principally fought in Central Europe, involving most of the countries of Europe. It was one of the most destructive conflicts in European history, and one of the longest continuous wars in modern history.\nInitially, religion was a motivation for war as Protestant and Catholic states battled it out even though they all were inside the Holy Roman Empire. Changing the relative balance of power within the Empire was at issue. Gradually, it developed into a more general conflict involving most of the great powers of Europe. In this general phase, the war became less specifically religious and more a continuation of the Bourbon–Habsburg rivalry for European political pre-eminence, leading in turn to further warfare between France and the Habsburg powers.\nA major consequence of the Thirty Years' War was the devastation of entire regions, denuded by the foraging armies. Famine and disease significantly decreased the population of the German states, Bohemia, the Low Countries, and Italy; most of the combatant powers were bankrupted. While the regiments within each army were not strictly mercenary, in that they were not units for hire that changed sides from battle to battle, some individual soldiers that made up the regiments were mercenaries. The problem of discipline was made more difficult by the ad hoc nature of 17th-century military financing; armies were expected to be largely self-funding by means of loot taken or tribute extorted from the settlements where they operated. This encouraged a form of lawlessness that imposed severe hardship on inhabitants of the occupied territory.
/m/015qqg	Julia is a 1977 drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann, from a screenplay by Alvin Sargent. It is based on Lillian Hellman's book Pentimento, a chapter of which purports to tell the story of her relationship with an alleged lifelong friend, \"Julia,\" who fought against the Nazis in the years prior to World War II. The film was produced by Richard Roth, with Julien Derode as executive producer and Tom Pevsner as associate producer.\nJulia was received positively from the critics and was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Fred Zinnemann and Best Actress for Jane Fonda. It ended up winning three awards, Best Supporting Actor for Jason Robards, Best Supporting Actress for Vanessa Redgrave, and Best Adapted Screenplay for Alvin Sargent's script. Julia was the first film to win both supporting actor categories since The Last Picture Show six years earlier in 1971, and would be followed by Hannah and Her Sisters nine years later in 1986.
/m/0127s7	Christina María Aguilera is an American singer and actress. Born in Staten Island, New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford, Pennsylvania, she appeared on television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club as a child. Aguilera rose to prominence with her self-titled debut album in 1999, which spawned three US number-one singles: \"Genie in a Bottle\", \"What a Girl Wants\" and \"Come On Over Baby\". Her follow-up records, Mi Reflejo and My Kind of Christmas, experienced moderate success worldwide. During the promotion of these albums, Aguilera's image was marketed as a bubblegum pop singer.\nDispleased with her lack of input in her image and music, Aguilera assumed creative control for her follow up album, Stripped, which draws influences from many music genres including soul, hip hop, and rock. Aguilera's fifth studio album, Back to Basics, incorporates elements of 1920s–1940s blues, soul, and jazz music. In 2010, Aguilera released her sixth studio album Bionic featuring elements from electronic genres and starred alongside Cher in the film Burlesque. Her seventh studio album, Lotus, is primarily a pop album. Since 2011, Aguilera has served as a coach on US television series The Voice, having appeared on four of its five seasons. Besides her work in the entertainment industry, Aguilera was involved in charitable activities through human rights, world issues, and her work as a UN ambassador for the World Food Programme.
/m/024qwq	Rick James was an American musician and composer.\nJames started his singing career fronting doo-wop and rhythm and blues bands in his hometown of Buffalo, New York in the early 1960s, with his vocal style influenced by the likes of Marvin Gaye, Smokey Robinson and David Ruffin. He entered the United States Navy to avoid conscription after dropping out of high school; James deserted and relocated to Toronto, Canada where he resumed his music career. While there, James formed the rock-soul fusion band Mynah Birds, whose lineup once included a young Neil Young. James' tenure with the Mynah Birds was interrupted after he was discovered recording with the group in Motown in the 1960s, and surrendered to military authorities. He served a one-year prison sentence in Buffalo. Afterwards, James returned to Canada, where he resumed the Mynah Birds, though the band eventually split; James moved to California where he started a series of rock bands. He also had a period where he served as a staff writer with Motown before he left the label.\nIn 1977, he signed with the Gordy Records subsidiary of Motown as a recording artist where in 1978, he recorded his first album, Come Get It!, which sold over a million copies at the time of its release. He would go on to score several popular hits on the pop and R&B charts, including four number-one hits on the latter chart. James became noted not only as a hit maker on his own recordings but also produced successful recordings for the likes of Teena Marie, the Mary Jane Girls, the Temptations, Eddie Murphy and Smokey Robinson. His best-selling recording, 1981's Street Songs, sold over three million copies, helping to renew sagging fortunes in Motown.
/m/0bp_b2	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series, and Outstanding Guest Supporting Actor.
/m/06y57	Sydney is the state capital of New South Wales, the most populous city in Australia. It is on Australia's south-east coast, on the Tasman Sea. In June 2010 the greater metropolitan area had an approximate population of 4.6 million people. Inhabitants of Sydney are called Sydneysiders, comprising a cosmopolitan and international population.\nThe site of the first British colony in Australia, Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Captain Arthur Phillip, of the First Fleet, as a penal colony. The city is built on hills surrounding Port Jackson, which is commonly known as Sydney Harbour, where the iconic Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge are prominent structures. The hinterland of the metropolitan area is surrounded by national parks, and the coastal regions feature many bays, rivers, inlets and beaches, including the famous Bondi and Manly beaches. Within the city are many parklands, including Hyde Park and the Royal Botanic Gardens.\nSydney is a consistently high-ranking world city for quality of life and the Economist Intelligence Unit ranked it the world's third most expensive city in 2013. It has hosted multiple major international sporting events, including the 1938 British Empire Games, the 2000 Summer Olympics and the final of the 2003 Rugby World Cup. The main airport serving Sydney is Sydney Airport and its main port is Port Botany.
/m/04lh6	Liverpool is a city and metropolitan borough of Merseyside, England, United Kingdom along the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary. It was founded as a borough in 1207 and was granted city status in 1880. In 2011 the population administered by Liverpool City Council was 466,415 and is at the centre of a wider urban area, the Liverpool City Region.\nHistorically, Liverpool was a part of Lancashire. The city's urbanisation and expansion were largely brought about by the city's status as a major port. By the 18th century, trade from the West Indies, Ireland and mainland Europe, coupled with close links with the Atlantic slave trade, furthered the economic expansion of Liverpool. Liverpool is also well known for its inventions and innovations, particularly in terms of infrastructure, transport, general construction, and in the fields of public health and social reform. Railways, ferries and the skyscraper were all pioneered in the city, together with the first societies for animal and child protection, the first schools for the blind, for working-men, and for girls. Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner, the RMS Titanic, and the words Titanic, Liverpool could be seen on the stern of the ship.
/m/02n4kr	Mystery fiction is a genre of fiction typically focused on the investigation of a crime. Mystery fiction is often used as a synonym for detective fiction or crime fiction—in other words a novel or short story in which a detective investigates and solves a crime mystery. Sometimes mystery books are nonfictional. \"Mystery fiction\" can be detective stories in which the emphasis is on the puzzle or suspense element and its logical solution such as a whodunit. Mystery fiction can be contrasted with hardboiled detective stories, which focus on action and gritty realism.\nMystery fiction may involve a supernatural or thriller mystery where the solution does not have to be logical, and even no crime involved. This usage was common in the pulp magazines of the 1930s and 1940s, where titles such as Dime Mystery, Thrilling Mystery and Spicy Mystery offered what at the time were described as \"weird menace\" stories—supernatural horror in the vein of Grand Guignol. This contrasted with parallel titles of the same names which contained conventional hardboiled crime fiction. The first use of \"mystery\" in this sense was by Dime Mystery, which started out as an ordinary crime fiction magazine but switched to \"weird menace\" during the latter part of 1933.
/m/01bzr4	Leon Schlesinger was an American film producer, most noted for founding Leon Schlesinger Studios, which later became the Warner Bros. Cartoons studio, during the Golden Age of American animation. He was also a distant relative of the Warner Brothers.
/m/0dmn0x	The Lives of Others is a 2006 German drama film, marking the feature film debut of filmmaker Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, about the monitoring of East Berlin by agents of the Stasi, the GDR's secret police. It stars Ulrich Mühe as Stasi Captain Gerd Wiesler, Ulrich Tukur as his superior Anton Grubitz, Sebastian Koch as the playwright Georg Dreyman, and Martina Gedeck as Dreyman's lover, a prominent actress named Christa-Maria Sieland.\nThe film was released in Germany on 23 March 2006. At the same time, the screenplay was published by Suhrkamp Verlag. The Lives of Others won the 2006 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film had earlier won seven Deutscher Filmpreis awards—including those for best film, best director, best screenplay, best actor, and best supporting actor—after setting a new record with 11 nominations. It was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 64th Golden Globe Awards. The Lives of Others cost US$2 million and grossed more than US$77 million worldwide as of November 2007.\nReleased 17 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall marking the end of the East German socialist state, it was the first noticeable drama film about the subject after a series of comedies such as Goodbye, Lenin! and Sonnenallee. This approach was widely applauded in Germany even as some criticized the humanization of Weisler's character. Many former East Germans were stunned by the factual accuracy of the film's set and atmosphere, resembling a state which had merged with West Germany and subsequently vanished 16 years prior to the release.
/m/01vj9c	Bass describes musical instruments that produce tones in the low-pitched range. They belong to different families of instruments and can cover a wide range of musical roles. Since producing low pitches usually requires a long air column or string, the string and wind bass instruments are usually the largest instruments in their families or instrument classes.\nAs seen in the musical instrument classification article, categorizing instruments can be difficult. For example, some instruments fall into more than one category. The cello is considered a tenor instrument in some orchestral settings, but in a string quartet it is the bass instrument.\nExamples grouped by general form and playing technique include:\nDouble bass from the viol or violin family\nBass guitar and acoustic bass guitar, instruments shaped, constructed and held like guitars, that play in the bass range. The electric bass guitar is usually the instrument referred to as a \"bass\" in pop and rock music.
/m/0fqt1ns	The Amazing Spider-Man is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man and sharing the title of the character's longest-running comic book of the same name. It is the fourth to portray Spider-Man in film distributed by Columbia Pictures, Marvel Entertainment and Sony Pictures Entertainment and a reboot of the film trilogy preceding it by 2002–07 that was also distributed by Sony Pictures Entertainment. The film was directed by Marc Webb, written by James Vanderbilt, Alvin Sargent and Steve Kloves and stars Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker / Spider-Man, Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy, Rhys Ifans as Dr. Curtis Connors, Denis Leary as Captain George Stacy along with Martin Sheen and Sally Field as the uncle and aunt of Peter Parker, Ben Parker and May Parker. The film tells the story of Peter Parker, a teenager from New York City who becomes Spider-Man after being bitten by a genetically altered spider. Parker must stop Dr. Curt Connors as a mutated Lizard from spreading a mutation serum to the city's human population.\nDevelopment of the film began with the cancellation of Spider-Man 4 in 2010, ending director Sam Raimi's Spider-Man film series that had starred Tobey Maguire as the titular superhero. Opting to reboot the franchise with the same production team along with James Vanderbilt to stay on with writing the next Spider-Man film while Alvin Sargent and Steve Kloves helped with the script as well. During pre-production, the main characters were cast in 2010. New designs were introduced from the comics such as artificial web-shooters. Using Red Digital Cinema Camera Company's RED Epic camera, principal photography started in December 2010 in Los Angeles before moving to New York City. The film entered post-production in April 2011. 3ality Technica provided 3D image processing, Sony Imageworks handled CGI and James Horner composed the film score.
/m/056ws9	DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. is an American animation studio based in Glendale, California that creates animated feature films, television programs, and online virtual worlds. They have released a total of twenty-seven feature films, including the franchises of Shrek, Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens and How to Train Your Dragon. As of June 2013, its feature films have made $11 billion worldwide, with its $430 million average gross surpassing all other studios besides Pixar. Two of DreamWorks Animation's films—Shrek 2, and Shrek the Third—are among the 50 highest-grossing films of all time, and fifteen of the films are among the 50 highest-grossing animated films, with Shrek 2 being the fourth all-time highest. Even though the studio also made traditionally-animated films earlier, as well as a co-production with Aardman Animations, all of their films now utilise computer-animation. The studio has so far received two Academy Awards along with numerous Annie & Emmy Awards; as well as multiple Golden Globe & BAFTA nominations.\nThe studio was formed by the merger of the feature animation division of DreamWorks and Pacific Data Images. Originally formed under the banner of DreamWorks in 1997 by some of Amblin Entertainment's former animation branch Amblimation alumni, it was spun off into a separate public company in 2004. DreamWorks Animation currently maintains two campuses: the original DreamWorks feature animation studio in Glendale, California and the PDI studio in Redwood City, California.
/m/02v1m7	The Grammy Award for Best Music Video is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to performers, directors, and producers of quality short form music videos. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Video, Short Form, the award was first presented in 1984, as was a similar award for Best Long Form Music Video. From 1986 to 1997, the category name was changed to Best Music Video, Short Form. However, in 1988 and 1989, the award criteria were changed and the video awards were presented under the categories Best Concept Music Video and Best Performance Music Video. The awards were returned to the original format in 1990. The category was called Best Short Form Music Video until 2014, when it was shortened to Best Music Video. Award recipients include the performers, directors, and producers associated with the winning videos.
/m/0dc_v	Astronomy is a natural science that is the study of celestial objects, the physics, chemistry, and evolution of such objects, and phenomena that originate outside the atmosphere of Earth, including supernovae explosions, gamma ray bursts, and cosmic background radiation. A related but distinct subject, cosmology, is concerned with studying the universe as a whole.\nAstronomy is one of the oldest sciences. Prehistoric cultures have left astronomical artifacts such as the Egyptian monuments and Nubian monuments, and early civilizations such as the Babylonians, Greeks, Chinese, Indians, Iranians and Maya performed methodical observations of the night sky. However, the invention of the telescope was required before astronomy was able to develop into a modern science. Historically, astronomy has included disciplines as diverse as astrometry, celestial navigation, observational astronomy, and the making of calendars, but professional astronomy is nowadays often considered to be synonymous with astrophysics.\nDuring the 20th century, the field of professional astronomy split into observational and theoretical branches. Observational astronomy is focused on acquiring data from observations of astronomical objects, which is then analyzed using basic principles of physics. Theoretical astronomy is oriented toward the development of computer or analytical models to describe astronomical objects and phenomena. The two fields complement each other, with theoretical astronomy seeking to explain the observational results and observations being used to confirm theoretical results.
/m/011pcj	Dumfries and Galloway is one of 32 unitary council areas of Scotland and is located in the western Southern Uplands. It comprises the historic counties of Dumfriesshire, Kirkcudbrightshire and Wigtownshire, the latter two of which are known as Galloway. The administrative centre is the town of Dumfries.\nFollowing the 1975 reorganisation of local government in Scotland, the three counties were joined to form a single region of Dumfries and Galloway, with four districts within it. Since the Local Government etc. Act 1994, however, it has become a unitary local authority. For lieutenancy purposes, the historic counties are largely maintained with its three lieutenancy areas being Dumfries, Wigtown and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.\nTo the north, Dumfries and Galloway borders East Ayrshire, South Ayrshire and South Lanarkshire; in the east the Borders; and to the south the county of Cumbria in England and the Solway Firth. And to the west lies the Irish Sea.\nThe region is well known for its many artists and writers.
/m/01ggc9	Robert Hepler \"Rob\" Lowe is an American film and television actor. He garnered fame after appearing in such films as The Outsiders, Oxford Blues, About Last Night..., St. Elmo's Fire, Wayne's World, Tommy Boy, and Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. On television, he played Sam Seaborn on The West Wing and Senator Robert McCallister on Brothers & Sisters. He is currently appearing on Parks and Recreation as Chris Traeger, but is scheduled to leave around the middle of the sixth season. Most recently, Lowe played the role of President John F. Kennedy in Killing Kennedy, a made-for-television movie that premiered November 10, 2013 on National Geographic Channel.
/m/01ckbq	The Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance was an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to female recording artists for works containing quality vocal performances in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Female, the award was first presented to Donna Summer in 1980. Beginning with the 1995 ceremony, the name of the award was changed to Best Female Rock Vocal Performance. However, in 1988, 1992, 1994, and since 2005, this category was combined with the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance and presented in a genderless category known as Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo. The solo category was later renamed to Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance beginning in 2005. This fusion has been criticized, especially when females are not nominated under the solo category. The Academy has cited a lack of eligible recordings in the female rock category as the reason for the mergers. While the award has not been presented since the category merge in 2005, an official confirmation of its retirement has not been announced.
/m/0bbm7r	Elizabeth I is a two-part 2005 British historical drama television miniseries directed by Tom Hooper, written by Nigel Williams, and starring Helen Mirren as Elizabeth I of England. The miniseries covers approximately the last 24 years of her nearly 45-year reign. Part 1 focuses on the final years of her relationship with the Earl of Leicester, played by Jeremy Irons. Part 2 focuses on her subsequent relationship with the Earl of Essex, played by Hugh Dancy.\nThe series originally was broadcast in the United Kingdom in two two-hour segments on Channel 4. It later aired on HBO in the United States, CBC and TMN in Canada, ATV in Hong Kong, ABC in Australia, and TVNZ Television One in New Zealand.\nThe series went on to win Emmy, Peabody, and Golden Globe Awards.
/m/02bh8z	Warner Music Group, also known as Warner Music, is an American major global record company headquartered in New York City. The largest American-owned music conglomerate worldwide, it is one of the 'big three' recording companies. The company operates some of the largest and most successful recording labels in the world, including its flagship labels Warner Bros. Records, Parlophone Records and Atlantic Records. WMG also owns Warner/Chappell Music, one of the world's largest music-publishing companies.\nFormerly owned by Time Warner, the world's largest media conglomerate, the company was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange until May 2011, when it announced its privatization and sale to Access Industries, which was completed in July 2011. With a multi-billion dollar annual turnover, WMG employs in excess of 4,000 people and has operations in more than 50 countries throughout the world.
/m/06j0md	James Edward Burrows is an American television director who has been working in television since the 1970s. He is best known for co-creating Cheers.
/m/0b60sq	Howl's Moving Castle is a 2004 Japanese animated fantasy film scripted and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. The film is based on the novel of the same name by English writer Diana Wynne Jones. The film was produced by Toshio Suzuki, animated by Studio Ghibli and distributed by Toho. Mamoru Hosoda, director of one episode and two movies from the Digimon series, was originally selected to direct but abruptly left the project, leaving the then-retired Miyazaki to take up the director's role.\nThe film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 5, 2004, and was released in Japanese theaters on November 20, 2004. The film is one of only three Studio Ghibli films which were not released in July, and the last since 2004. It went on to gross $190 million in Japan and $235 million worldwide, making it one of the most financially successful Japanese films in history. The film was later dubbed into English by Pixar's Peter Docter and distributed in North America by Walt Disney Pictures. It received a limited release in the United States and Canada beginning June 10, 2005 and was released nationwide in Australia on September 22 and in the United Kingdom the following September. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006.
/m/02ppg1r	The Starter Wife is a 2007 USA Network television miniseries, based on the novel of the same name by Gigi Levangie Grazer. Its title is derived from the concept of a starter marriage. Filmed over four months in Queensland, Australia, the plot focuses on Molly Kagan who, after years of marriage to a Hollywood film mogul, is forced to redefine herself and her role in society when her husband leaves her for a younger woman.\nThe mini-series premiered with a two-hour presentation on May 31, 2007 at 9:00 pm ET. The premiere attracted 5.4 million viewers, with 2.8 million of them being adults aged 25–54. Ratings steadily decreased as the series progressed. The series is available for purchase on iTunes and was available for DVD purchase starting September 11, 2007.\nThe miniseries was nominated for ten Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Miniseries, Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie, Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie, and Writing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special. Davis was the sole winner, while Messing was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Actress in a Miniseries or TV Movie.
/m/05ztm4r	Josh Sussman is an American actor, best known for his role as Hugh Normous in Wizards of Waverly Place and his role as Jacob Ben Israel in Glee.
/m/05925	Maxis is an American company founded as an independent video game developer in 1987. It is currently a subsidiary of Electronic Arts, and serves as one of the four major labels of the company. Maxis is the creator of one of the best-selling computer games of all time, The Sims, and its sequel, The Sims 2. These titles and their related products are the brand's most popular and successful lines.\nMost Maxis titles are simulation-based. Maxis founder Will Wright likens them to \"digital dollhouses.\" Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses, such as A-Train and SimTower.
/m/0c00lh	Jason Reitman is a Canadian/American film director, screenwriter, and producer, best known for directing the films Thank You for Smoking, Juno, Up in the Air, and Young Adult. As of February 2, 2010, he has received four Academy Award nominations, two of which are for Best Director. Reitman is a dual citizen of Canada and the United States. He is the son of director Ivan Reitman.
/m/0261m	The Caribbean is a region that consists of the Caribbean Sea, its islands, and the surrounding coasts. The region is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico and the North American mainland, east of Central America, and north of South America.\nSituated largely on the Caribbean Plate, the region comprises more than 700 islands, islets, reefs, and cays. These islands generally form island arcs that delineate the eastern and northern edges of the Caribbean Sea. The Caribbean islands, consisting of the Greater Antilles on the north and the Lesser Antilles on the south and east, are part of the somewhat larger West Indies grouping, which also includes the Lucayan Archipelago north of the Greater Antilles and Caribbean Sea. In a wider sense, the mainland countries of Belize, Guyana,and Suriname – may be included.\nGeopolitically, the Caribbean islands are usually regarded as a subregion of North America and are organized into 30 territories including sovereign states, overseas departments, and dependencies. From January 3, 1958, to May 31, 1962, there was a short-lived country called the Federation of the West Indies composed of ten English-speaking Caribbean territories, all of which were then United Kingdom dependencies. The West Indies cricket team continues to represent many of those nations.
/m/01znc_	Turkey, officially the Republic of Turkey, is a contiguous transcontinental country, located mostly on Anatolia in Western Asia, and on East Thrace in Southeastern Europe. Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast. The Mediterranean Sea is to the south; the Aegean Sea is to the west; and the Black Sea is to the north. The Sea of Marmara, the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles demarcate the boundary between Thrace and Anatolia; they also separate Europe and Asia. Turkey's location at the crossroads of Europe and Asia makes it a country of significant geostrategic importance.\nTurkey has been inhabited since the paleolithic age, including various Ancient Anatolian civilizations and Thracian peoples. After Alexander the Great's conquest, the area was Hellenized, which continued with the Roman rule and the transition into the Byzantine Empire. The Seljuk Turks began migrating into the area in the 11th century, starting the process of Turkification, which was greatly accelerated by the Seljuk victory over the Byzantines at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243, upon which it disintegrated into several small Turkish beyliks.
/m/06vkl	September is the ninth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of four months with a length of 30 days.\nSeptember in the Northern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of March in the Southern Hemisphere.\nIn the Northern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological autumn is on the 1st of September. In the Southern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological spring is on the 1st of September.\nSeptember begins on the same day of the week as December every year, because there are 91 days separating September and December, which is a multiple of seven. No other month ends on the same day of the week as September in any year. This month and May are the only two months to have this property. April and July of the previous year begin on the same day of the week as September of the current year as a common year and January and October of the previous year begin on the same day of the week as September of the current year as a leap year. In common years, September ends on the same day of the week as April and December of the previous year while in leap years, September ends on the same day of the week as July of the previous year. In years immediately before common years, September begins on the same day of the week as June of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, September begins on the same day of the week as March and November of the following year. In years immediately before common years, September ends on the same day of the week as March and June of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, September ends on the same day of the week as August and November of the following year.
/m/026mfbr	Step Brothers is a 2008 American buddy slapstick comedy film starring Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly. The screenplay was written by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay, from a story written by them with Reilly. It was produced by Jimmy Miller and Judd Apatow, and directed by McKay.\nThe film was released on July 25, 2008, roughly two years after the same group of men wrote, produced, and starred in another comedy, Talladega Nights.
/m/02v0ff	Albert Lincoln \"Al\" Roker, Jr. is an American television weather forecaster as well as an actor and book author. He is best known as being the weather anchor on NBC's Today. On Monday, July 20, 2009, he began co-hosting his morning show, Wake Up with Al, on The Weather Channel, which airs weekdays from 5:30 to 7 am ET one hour and half earlier than Today. Roker also appears occasionally on NBC Nightly News. He holds an expired American Meteorological Society Television Seal, #238. Writing with Dick Lochte, Roker began a series of murder mysteries in 2009 that feature Billy Blessing, a celebrity chef turned amateur detective. The second book in the series, The Midnight Show Murders, was nominated for a 2011 Nero Award.
/m/061y4q	Tomoyuki Tanaka was a Japanese film producer, most famous for creating the Godzilla series. He was born in Kashiwara, Osaka, Japan on April 26, 1910, and died in Tokyo on April 2, 1997. Tanaka was married to the actress Chieko Nakakita. He died of a stroke at the age of 86.\nSoon after graduating from Kansai University in 1940, Tanaka joined Toho Studios. After four years with the company, he began producing his own films, and his first effort, Three Women of the North, was released in 1945. In his 60-year career with Toho, Tanaka produced more than 200 films.\nHe is best known as the creator, with storyteller Shigeru Kayama, director Ishirō Honda and special-effects wizard Eiji Tsuburaya, of Godzilla, the towering embodiment of post-World War II anxiety. Tanaka created Godzilla in 1954 in an effort to illustrate the terror Japanese felt after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. In an interview in 1985 Tanaka summed up the symbolism of Godzilla:\nIn those days, Japanese had a real horror of radiation, and that horror is what made Godzilla so huge. From the beginning he has symbolized nature's revenge on mankind.\nThe classic Gojira would spawn a series of sequels, adding up to 28 films by 2004. Tanaka produced every Toho monster movie. He often worked with the other three members of the Godzilla team: Honda, Tsuburaya, and composer Akira Ifukube, to complete such works as The Mysterians and Matango. Tanaka produced six films directed by the acclaimed Akira Kurosawa. Their film Kagemusha was nominated for a Best Foreign Film Oscar and took the Palme d'Or at Cannes.
/m/0407yj_	Cars 2 is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy spy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film is the sequel to the 2006 film Cars. In the film, race car Lightning McQueen and tow truck Mater head to Japan and Europe to compete in the World Grand Prix, but Mater becomes sidetracked with international espionage. The film is directed by John Lasseter, co-directed by Brad Lewis, written by Ben Queen, and produced by Denise Ream.\nCars 2 was released in the United States on June 24, 2011. The film was presented in Disney Digital 3D and IMAX 3D, as well as traditional two-dimensional and IMAX formats. The film was first announced in 2008, alongside Up, Newt, and Brave, and it is the 12th animated film from the studio. Even though the film received mixed reviews from critics, breaking the studio's streak of critical success, it ranked No. 1 on its opening weekend in the U.S. and Canada with $66,135,507 and topping international success of such previous Pixar works as Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc., Cars, and WALL-E.
/m/0ctw_b	New Zealand is an island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmasses – that of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Māui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamu – and numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some 1,500 kilometres east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly 1,000 kilometres south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long isolation, New Zealand developed a distinctive biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life; most notable are the large number of unique bird species. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions.\nPolynesians settled New Zealand in 1250–1300 CE and developed a distinctive Māori culture. Abel Tasman, a Dutch explorer, was the first European to sight New Zealand in 1642 CE. The introduction of potatoes and muskets triggered upheaval among Māori early during the 19th century, which led to the inter-tribal Musket Wars. In 1840 the British Crown and Māori signed the Treaty of Waitangi, making New Zealand a British colony. Immigrant numbers increased sharply and conflicts escalated into the New Zealand Wars, which resulted in Māori land being confiscated in the mid North Island. Economic depressions were followed by periods of political reform, with women gaining the vote during the 1890s, and a welfare state being established from the 1930s. After World War II, New Zealand joined Australia and the United States in the ANZUS security treaty, although the United States later suspended the treaty as a result of New Zealand's adoption of a nuclear-free policy. New Zealanders enjoyed one of the highest standards of living in the world in the 1950s, but the 1970s saw a deep recession, worsened by oil shocks and the United Kingdom's entry into the European Economic Community. The country underwent major economic changes during the 1980s, which transformed it from a protectionist to a liberalised free trade economy; once-dominant exports of wool have been overtaken by dairy products, meat, and wine.
/m/01vrx3g	Mark Lavon \"Levon\" Helm was an American rock musician and actor who achieved fame as the drummer and frequent lead and backing vocalist for The Band. Helm was known for his deeply soulful, country-accented voice, multi-instrumental ability, and creative drumming style highlighted on many of The Band's recordings, such as \"The Weight\", \"Up on Cripple Creek\", and \"The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down\". He also had a successful career as an actor, appearing in such films as Coal Miner's Daughter and The Right Stuff.\nIn 1998, Helm was diagnosed with throat cancer, which caused him to lose his singing voice. After treatment, his cancer eventually went into remission, and he gradually regained the use of his voice. His 2007 comeback album Dirt Farmer earned the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album in February 2008, and in November of that year, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him No. 91 in the list of The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time. In 2010, Electric Dirt, his 2009 follow-up to Dirt Farmer, won the first Grammy Award for Best Americana Album, a category inaugurated in 2010. In 2011, his live album Ramble at the Ryman was nominated for the Grammy in the same category and won. On April 17, 2012, his wife and daughter announced on Helm's website that he was \"in the final stages of his battle with cancer\" and thanked fans while requesting prayers. Two days later, Helm died at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.
/m/047gpsd	My Sisters's Keeper is a 2009 drama directed by Nick Cassavetes and starring Cameron Diaz, Abigail Breslin, Sofia Vassilieva, and Alec Baldwin. Based on Jodi Picoult's novel of the same name, My Sister's Keeper was released in the United States, Canada, Ireland, Mexico, and the United Kingdom on June 26, 2009.\nOn the movie, it will create a television series aired in 2015.
/m/0hptm	Newark is the largest city in the U.S. state of New Jersey, and the county seat of Essex County. One of the nation's major air, shipping, and rail hubs, the city had a population of 277,140 in 2010, making it the nation's 67th most-populous municipality, after being ranked 63rd in the nation in 2000.\nLocated in the heart of New Jersey's Gateway Region, Newark is the second largest city in the New York metropolitan area, approximately 8 miles west of Manhattan. Port Newark, the major container shipping terminal in the Port of New York and New Jersey, is the largest on the East Coast. Newark Liberty International Airport was the first municipal commercial airport in the United States and today one of its busiest.\nNewark is headquarters to numerous corporations, such as Prudential Financial and PSEG. It is also home to several universities, such as Rutgers–Newark, the New Jersey Institute of Technology, and Seton Hall University's Law School. Among others, its cultural and sports venues include: the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, the Prudential Center, and the Bears & Eagles Riverfront Baseball Stadium.
/m/05kkh	Ohio is a state in the Midwestern United States. Ohio is the 34th largest, the 7th most populous, and the 10th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state's capital and largest city is Columbus.\nThe name \"Ohio\" originated from Iroquois word ohi-yo’, meaning \"great river\" or \"large creek\". The state, originally partitioned from the Northwest Territory, was admitted to the Union as the 17th state on March 1, 1803. Although there are conflicting narratives regarding the origin of the nickname, Ohio is historically known as the \"Buckeye State\" and Ohioans are also known as \"Buckeyes\".\nThe government of Ohio is composed of the executive branch, led by the Governor; the legislative branch, which comprises the Ohio General Assembly; and the judicial branch, which is led by the Supreme Court. Currently, Ohio occupies 16 seats in the United States House of Representatives. Ohio is known for its status as both a swing state and a bellwether in national elections.
/m/03_c8p	Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. is a Japanese multinational video game company specializing in a variety of areas in the video game industry, and is a wholly owned subsidiary and part of the Consumer Products & Services Group of Sony. The company was established on November 16, 1993 in Tokyo, Japan, prior to the launch of the original PlayStation video game system. Sony Computer Entertainment handles the research & development, production, and sales of both hardware and software for the PlayStation line of handheld and home console video game systems. It is also a developer and publisher of video game titles and is composed of several subsidiaries covering the company's biggest markets: North America, Europe and Asia. The company has sold more than 400 million PlayStation consoles worldwide.
/m/027ct7c	Fiddler on the Roof is a 1971 American musical comedy-drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison. It is an adaptation of the 1964 Broadway musical of the same name, with music composed by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, and screenplay by Joseph Stein. The film won three Academy Awards, including one for arranger-conductor John Williams. It was nominated for several more, including Best Picture, Best Actor for Chaim Topol as Tevye, and Best Supporting Actor for Leonard Frey, who played Motel Kamzoil the Tailor. The decision to cast Topol, instead of Zero Mostel, as Tevye was a somewhat controversial one, as the role had originated with Mostel and he had made it famous. Years later, Jewison explained that he felt Mostel's larger-than-life personality, while fine on stage, would cause film audiences to see him rather than the character of Tevye.\nThe film centers on the family of Tevye, a Jewish family living in the town of Anatevka, in Russian Empire, in 1905. Anatevka is broken into two sections: a small Orthodox Jewish section; and a larger Russian Orthodox Christian section. Tevye notes that, \"We don't bother them, and so far, they don't bother us.\" Throughout the film, Tevye breaks the fourth wall by talking at times, directly to the audience or to the heavens, for the audience's benefit. Much of the story is also told in musical form.
/m/07ccs	Texas A&M University is a coeducational public research university located in College Station, Texas, United States. It is the flagship institution of the Texas A&M University System, the fourth-largest university in the United States and the largest university in Texas. Texas A&M's designation as a land, sea, and space grant institution reflects a broad range of research with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research. The school ranks in the top 20 American research institutes in terms of funding and has made notable contributions to such fields as animal cloning and petroleum engineering.\nThe first public institution of higher education in Texas, though not the first general university in the state, the school opened on October 4, 1876 as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas under the provisions of the Morrill Land-Grant Acts. Originally, the college taught no classes in agriculture, instead concentrating on classical studies, languages, literature, and applied mathematics. After four years, students could attain degrees in scientific agriculture, civil and mining engineering, and language and literature. Under the leadership of President James Earl Rudder, in the 1960s A&M desegregated, became coeducational, and dropped the requirement for participation in the Corps of Cadets. To reflect the institution's expanded roles and academic offerings, the Texas Legislature renamed the school to Texas A&M University in 1963. The letters \"A&M\", originally short for \"Agricultural and Mechanical\", are retained only as a link to the university's past. The school's students, alumni, and sports teams are known as \"Aggies\".²
/m/0cgzj	Sir Sidney Poitier, KBE, is an American-born Bahamian actor, film director, author, and diplomat.\nIn 1963, Poitier became the first black person to win an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Lilies of the Field. The significance of this achievement was later bolstered in 1967 when he starred in three successful films: To Sir, with Love; In the Heat of the Night; and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, making him the top box-office star of that year. In all three films, issues revolve around the race of the characters Poitier portrays. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Poitier among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking 22nd on the list of 25.\nPoitier has directed a number of popular movies, such as A Piece of the Action, Uptown Saturday Night, Let's Do It Again and Stir Crazy. In 2002, thirty-eight years after receiving the Best Actor Award, Poitier was chosen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to receive an Honorary Award, designated \"To Sidney Poitier in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments as an artist and as a human being.\" Since 1997, he has been the Bahamian ambassador to Japan. On August 12, 2009, Sidney Poitier was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States of America's highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama.
/m/03_8r	Judo is a modern martial art, combat and Olympic sport created in Japan in 1882 by Jigoro Kano. Its most prominent feature is its competitive element, where the objective is to either throw or takedown an opponent to the ground, immobilize or otherwise subdue an opponent with a pin, or force an opponent to submit with a joint lock or a choke. Strikes and thrusts by hands and feet as well as weapons defenses are a part of judo, but only in pre-arranged forms and are not allowed in judo competition or free practice. A judo practitioner is called a judoka.\nThe philosophy and subsequent pedagogy developed for judo became the model for other modern Japanese martial arts that developed from koryū. The worldwide spread of judo has led to the development of a number of offshoots such as Sambo and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
/m/0272kv	Agostino \"Dino\" De Laurentiis was an Italian film producer best known for producing science fiction, fantasy, and horror films.
/m/07hbxm	Joanna Louise Page is a Welsh actress, best known for her role as Stacey in the BAFTA-winning television series Gavin & Stacey.
/m/09889g	Michael Joseph Jackson (August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009) was an American recording artist, dancer, singer-songwriter, musician, and philanthropist. Referred to as the King of Pop, Jackson is recognized as the most successful entertainer of all time by Guinness World Records. His contribution to music, dance, and fashion, along with a much-publicized personal life, made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades. The seventh child of the Jackson family, he debuted on the professional music scene along with his brothers as a member of The Jackson 5, then the Jacksons in 1964, and began his solo career in 1971. In the early 1980s, Jackson became a dominant figure in popular music. The music videos for his songs, including those of \"Beat It\", \"Billie Jean\", and \"Thriller\", were credited with transforming the medium into an art form and a promotional tool, and the popularity of these videos helped to bring the relatively new television channel MTV to fame And Cordell Francis Admire Michael Jackson As His Best. Videos such as ...
/m/01l3mk3	Marvin Frederick Hamlisch was an American composer and conductor. He is one of only eleven EGOTs – winners of an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony. He is one of ten people to win three or more Oscars in one night and the only non-director/screenwriter to do so. He is one of only two people to have won those four prizes and a Pulitzer Prize. Hamlisch also won two Golden Globes.
/m/01p_2p	Latin jazz is jazz with Latin American rhythms. Although musicians continually expand its parameters, the term Latin jazz is generally understood to have a more specific meaning than simply jazz from Latin America. A more precise term might be Afro-Latin jazz, as the jazz sub-genre typically employs rhythms that either have a direct analog in Africa, or exhibit an African influence. The two main categories of Latin jazz are:\nAfro-Cuban jazz—jazz rhythmically based on clave, often with a rhythm section employing ostinato patterns from Cuban popular dance music.\nAfro-Brazilian jazz—includes bossa nova and jazz samba.
/m/05qx1	Panama, officially Republic of Panama, is the southernmost country of Central America and the whole of North America. Situated on the isthmus connecting North and South America, it is bordered by Costa Rica to the west, Colombia to the southeast, the Caribbean to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the south. The capital is Panama City.\nExplored and settled by the Spanish in the 16th century, Panama broke with Spain in 1821 and joined a union of Nueva Granada, Ecuador, and Venezuela, named the Republic of Gran Colombia. When Gran Colombia dissolved in 1831, Panama and Nueva Granada remained joined. Nueva Granada later became the Republic of Colombia. With the backing of the United States, Panama seceded from Colombia in 1903, allowing the Panama Canal to be built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers between 1904 and 1914. In 1977, an agreement was signed for the complete transfer of the Canal from the United States to Panama by the end of the 20th century.\nRevenue from canal tolls represents today a significant portion of Panama's GDP. Panama has the third- or fourth-largest economy in Central America and it is also the fastest growing economy and the largest per capita consumer in Central America. In 2013, Panama ranked 4th among Latin American countries in terms of the Human Development Index, and 59th in the world. Since 2010, Panama remains as the second most competitive economy in Latin America according to the Global Competitiveness Index from the World Economic Forum. Panama's jungle is home to an abundance of tropical plants, animals and birds – some of them to be found nowhere else in the world.
/m/07xpm	The University of Canterbury had three founding Professors: Charles Cook, Mathematics, St John's College, Cambridge; Alexander Bickerton, Chemistry and Physics, School of Mining, London; and John Macmillan Brown, Balliol College, Oxford. Founded in 1873, it is New Zealand's second-oldest university. It operates its main campus in the suburb of Ilam in the city of Christchurch, New Zealand. It offers degrees in Arts, Commerce, Education, Engineering, Fine Arts, Forestry, Health Sciences, Law, Music, Social Work, Speech and Language Pathology, Science, Sports Coaching and Teaching.
/m/051wwp	Robert Elmer \"Bob\" Balaban is an American actor, author, producer, and director.
/m/01f7j9	Robert L. Zemeckis is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. Zemeckis first came to public attention in the 1980s as the director of the comedic time-travel Back to the Future film series, as well as the Academy Award-winning live-action/animation epic Who Framed Roger Rabbit, though in the 1990s he diversified into more dramatic fare, including 1994's Forrest Gump, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Director.\nHis films are characterized by an interest in state-of-the-art special effects, including the early use of match moving in Back to the Future Part II and the pioneering performance capture techniques seen in The Polar Express, Beowulf and A Christmas Carol. Though Zemeckis has often been pigeonholed as a director interested only in effects, his work has been defended by several critics, including David Thomson, who wrote that \"No other contemporary director has used special effects to more dramatic and narrative purpose.\"
/m/016m9h	An attorney at law in the United States is a practitioner in a court of law who is legally qualified to prosecute and defend actions in such court on the retainer of clients. Alternative terms include counselor and lawyer. As of April 2011, there were 1,225,452 licensed attorneys in the United States.\nThe United States legal system does not draw a distinction between lawyers who plead in court and those who do not, unlike many other common law jurisdictions, and civil law jurisdictions. An additional factor which differentiates the American legal system from other countries is that there is no delegation of routine work to notaries public.\nAttorneys may be addressed by the post-nominal letters Esq., the abbreviated form of the word Esquire.
/m/0gl6f	The University of Warwick is a public research university in Coventry, England. It was founded in 1965 as part of a government initiative to expand access to higher education. Warwick Business School was established in 1967 and Warwick Medical School was opened in 2000. Warwick merged with Coventry College of Education in 1979 and Horticulture Research International in 2004.\nWarwick is primarily based on a 290 hectare campus on the outskirts of Coventry with a satellite campus in Wellesbourne. It is organised into four faculties—Arts, Medicine, Science and Social Sciences—within which there are 32 departments. Warwick has around 23,400 full-time students and 1,390 academic and research staff and had a total income of £441.1 million in 2011/12, of which £85.4 million came from research grants and contracts. Warwick Arts Centre, a multi-venue arts complex in the university's main campus, is the largest venue of its kind in the UK outside London.\nWarwick consistently ranks in the top ten of all major rankings of British universities and is the only multi-faculty institution aside from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge to have never been ranked outside of the top ten. It is ranked by QS as the world's third best university under 50 years and as the world's 9th best university based on employer reputation. It was ranked 7th in the UK amongst multi-faculty institutions for the quality of its research in the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise. Entrance is competitive, with around 8.25 applicants per place for undergraduate study.
/m/02qny_	Landon Timothy Donovan is an American soccer player currently playing for the Los Angeles Galaxy and the United States men's national team. He has played for Bayer Leverkusen, San Jose Earthquakes, Bayern Munich, and Everton. He usually plays as a withdrawn forward for the Galaxy, but he is just as effective as an attacking midfielder on either wing playing for the U.S.\nA member of the inaugural class of the U.S. Soccer residency program in Bradenton, Florida, Donovan was declared player of the tournament for his role in the United States U17 that finished fourth in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship, Donovan later signed with the German team Bayer Leverkusen. After six years with the club, the majority of which was spent on loan at the San Jose Earthquakes, Donovan moved to the Los Angeles Galaxy in 2005, though he returned to the Bundesliga for a three-month spell at the start of 2009 on loan to Bayern Munich. He went on loan again from January to March 2010 with English Premier League team Everton.\nFor the United States men's national team, Donovan is the all-time leader in scoring and assists, and has the most caps of all active players. Donovan is the only American player to reach the 50 goals/50 assists mark. He is a four-time winner of the U.S. Soccer Athlete of the Year award, as well as the only seven-time winner of the Honda Player of the Year award. Donovan starred in the U.S. team that reached the quarter-finals of the 2002 FIFA World Cup where he received the Best Young Player Award. His three goals in the 2010 FIFA World Cup made Donovan the highest scoring American player in World Cup history and the third American player to score in more than one World Cup.
/m/07bxhl	Bhutan, officially the Kingdom of Bhutan, is a landlocked country in South Asia located at the eastern end of the Himalayas. It is bordered to the north by China and to the south, east and west by India. To the west, it is separated from Nepal by the Indian state of Sikkim, while further south it is separated from Bangladesh by the Indian states of Assam and West Bengal. Bhutan's capital and largest city is Thimphu.\nBhutan existed as a patchwork of minor warring fiefdoms until the early 17th century, when the lama and military leader Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal, fleeing religious persecution in Tibet, unified the area and cultivated a distinct Bhutanese identity. Later, in the early 20th century, Bhutan came into contact with the British Empire and retained strong bilateral relations with India upon its independence. In 2006, based on a global survey, Business Week rated Bhutan the happiest country in Asia and the eighth-happiest in the world.\nBhutan's landscape ranges from subtropical plains in the south to the sub-alpine Himalayan heights in the north, where some peaks exceed 7,000 metres. Its total area was reported as approximately 46,500 km² in 1997 and 38,394 square kilometres in 2002. Bhutan's state religion is Vajrayana Buddhism and the population, now estimated to be nearly three-quarters of a million, is predominantly Buddhist. Hinduism is the second-largest religion.
/m/04gknr	Rules of Engagement is a 2000 American war-drama film directed by William Friedkin and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Samuel L. Jackson. Jackson plays U.S. Marine Colonel Terry Childers, who is brought to court-martial after men under Childers' orders kill a large number of civilians outside the U.S. embassy in Yemen.\nJames Webb, to whom the story is credited, is a former U.S. Marine combat officer, lawyer and U.S. Secretary of the Navy. Webb later served as a U.S. Senator from Virginia.
/m/05p09zm	The Razzie Award for Worst Screen Combo is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst movie pairing or cast of the past year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of the awards, along with the film for which they were nominated. The category, which made its debut at the 15th Razzie ceremony, was originally named Worst Screen Couple, but in 2011 it was changed to Worst Screen Couple / Worst Screen Ensemble so entire casts could be included. This was changed again in 2012 where Screen Couple and Screen Ensemble were split and awarded separately before being changed again in 2013 to an individual award called Worst Screen Combo.The category is defined to include any combination of actors, actresses, props, or body parts.
/m/02k6rq	Jeremy Philip Northam is an English actor.\nHe is best known for his roles in the films Gosford Park, Emma, Amistad, The Winslow Boy, Enigma, Martin and Lewis, Happy, Texas, The Golden Bowl, Creation and as Thomas More in the Showtime series The Tudors. Most recently, he starred in the BBC Two drama White Heat.
/m/018vs	The bass guitar is a stringed instrument played primarily with the fingers or thumb, by plucking, slapping, popping, tapping, thumping, or picking with a plectrum.\nThe bass guitar is similar in appearance and construction to an electric guitar, but with a longer neck and scale length, and four to six strings or courses. The four-string bass—by far the most common—is usually tuned the same as the double bass, which corresponds to pitches one octave lower than the four lowest pitched strings of a guitar. The bass guitar is a transposing instrument, as it is notated in bass clef an octave higher than it sounds to avoid excessive ledger lines. Like the electric guitar, the bass guitar is plugged into an amplifier and speaker for live performances.\nSince the 1960s, the bass guitar has largely replaced the double bass in popular music as the bass instrument in the rhythm section. While types of bass lines vary widely from one style of music to another, the bassist usually fulfills a similar role: anchoring the harmonic framework and establishing the beat. Many styles of music utilise the bass guitar, including rock, metal, pop, punk rock, country, reggae, gospel, blues, and jazz. It is often a soloing instrument in jazz, fusion, Latin, funk, and in some rock and metal styles.
/m/03xhj6	Sparks is an American band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by brothers Ron and Russell Mael, renamed from Halfnelson, formed in 1968. Best known for their quirky approach to songwriting, Sparks' music is often accompanied by intelligent, sophisticated, and acerbic lyrics, and an idiosyncratic, theatrical stage presence, typified in the contrast between Russell's wide-eyed hyperactive frontman antics and Ron's sedentary scowling. They are also noted for Russell Mael's falsetto voice and Ron Mael's keyboard style.\nThough the band's long career has seen them successfully pioneer many different musical genres; including glam rock, power pop, electronic dance music, mainstream pop and most recently chamber pop, Sparks have created their own unique musical universe. While achieving chart success in various countries around the world including United Kingdom, Germany, France, and the United States, they have enjoyed a cult following since their first releases. Sparks have been highly influential on the development of popular music, in particular on the late 1970s scene, when in collaboration with Giorgio Moroder, they reinvented themselves as an electronic pop duo, and abandoned the traditional rock band line up. Their frequently changing styles and visual presentations have kept the band at the forefront of modern, artful pop music.
/m/018grr	John William \"Will\" Ferrell is an American comedian, impressionist, actor, producer, and writer. Ferrell first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live, and has subsequently starred in the comedy films Old School, Elf, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, Talladega Nights, Stranger than Fiction, Blades of Glory, Semi-Pro, Step Brothers, The Other Guys, and Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues. He is considered a member of the \"Frat Pack\", a generation of leading Hollywood comic actors who emerged in the late 1990s and the 2000s, including Jack Black, Ben Stiller, Steve Carell, Vince Vaughn, and brothers Owen and Luke Wilson.
/m/060bp	A prime minister is the most senior minister of cabinet in the executive branch of government in a parliamentary system. In many systems, the prime minister selects and may dismiss other members of the cabinet, and allocates posts to members within the government. In most systems, the prime minister is the presiding member and chairman of the cabinet. In a minority of systems, notably in semi-presidential systems of government, a prime minister is the official who is appointed to manage the civil service and execute the directives of the head of state.\nIn parliamentary systems fashioned after the Westminster system, the prime minister is the presiding and actual head of the government and head of the executive branch. In such systems, the head of state or the head of state's official representative usually holds a largely ceremonial position, although often with reserve powers.\nThe prime minister is often, but not always, a member of parliament and is expected with other ministers to ensure the passage of bills through the legislature. In some monarchies the monarch may also exercise executive powers which are constitutionally vested in the crown and may be exercised without the approval of parliament.
/m/03tn80	Congo is a 1995 action adventure film loosely based on Michael Crichton's novel of the same name. It was directed by Frank Marshall and stars Laura Linney, Dylan Walsh, Ernie Hudson, Tim Curry, Grant Heslov, and Joe Don Baker. The film was released on June 9, 1995 by Paramount Pictures.
/m/0223bl	Crystal Palace Football Club are an English professional football club based in South Norwood, London. They are currently playing in the Barclays Premier League. During the 2012–13 Football League season, Palace finished fifth and gained promotion to the Premier League through the play-offs. Their colours are red and blue, although they had adopted a claret and pale blue strip of Aston Villa in their early years. The club was founded at The Crystal Palace in 1905 to introduce a team to the local population, who regularly supported the FA Cup Final in sizeable numbers, which was played at the sports stadium, in Crystal Palace Park. Failing to gain election to The Football League, Palace instead joined the Southern Football League Second Division, playing home games at The Crystal Palace, inspiration for the club's initial nickname, \"The Glaziers\". Palace won the Division and promotion in their first season, and played in the Southern League First Division for the next fifteen years.\nIn 1920 the Southern League Division One formed the Football League Third Division. Palace won the division and gained promotion to the Second Division, where they spent four seasons before suffering relegation to the Third Division South. In 1958 a league re-organisation saw Palace become founder members of Division Four. Over the next eleven years the club moved from the lowest rung of English Football to the highest, reaching the First Division in 1969. In 1973 the club modernised its image, changing the nickname from The Glaziers to \"The Eagles\" and ending the 68-year association with claret and blue by introducing the red-and-blue vertical stripes now associated with the club. The club stabilised itself in the top two divisions with successive promotions in 1977 and 1979. The period from 1989–91 saw Steve Coppell guide the team to an FA Cup Final and third place in the First Division. Palace became founder members of the Premier League in 1992, but were relegated the same season. Palace entered administration in both 2000 and 2010, and are now owned by a consortium of four. The club achieved promotion back to the Premier League under manager Ian Holloway with a 1–0 win over Watford in the Football League play-offs in May 2013.
/m/0cjyzs	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series is an Emmy Award given to the best television comedy series of the year.
/m/0np9r	Voice acting is the art of providing voices for animated characters and radio and audio dramas and comedy, as well as doing voice-overs in radio and television commercials, audio dramas, dubbed foreign language films, video games, puppet shows, and amusement rides.\nPerformers are called voice actors/actresses, voice artists or simply voice talent, and their roles may also involve singing, although a second voice actor is sometimes cast as the character's singing voice.\nVoice artists are also used to record the individual sample fragments played back by a computer in an automated announcement. At its simplest, this is just a short phrase which is played back as necessary, e.g. the Mind the gap announcement introduced by London Underground in 1969. In a more complicated system such as a speaking clock, the voice artist usually doesn't actually record 1,440 different announcements, one for each minute of the day, or even 60, instead the announcement is re-assembled from fragments such as \"minutes past\" \"eighteen\" and \"p.m.\" For example, the word \"twelve\" can be used for both \"Twelve O'Clock\" and \"Six Twelve.\" For some automated applications, such as London Underground's Mind the gap announcement, the sound of a voice artist may be preferred over synthesized voices because the human voices sound more natural to the listener.
/m/0pj9t	Bobby Darin was an American singer, songwriter, and actor of film and television. He performed in a range of music genres, including pop, rock'n'roll, jazz, folk, and country.\nHe started as a songwriter for Connie Francis, and recorded his own first million-seller Splish Splash in 1958. This was followed by Dream Lover, Mack the Knife, and Beyond the Sea, which brought him world fame. In 1962, he won a Golden Globe for his first film Come September, co-starring his first wife, Sandra Dee.\nThroughout the 1960s, he became more politically active and worked on Robert Kennedy's Democratic presidential campaign. He was present on the night of June 4/5, 1968, at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles at the time of Kennedy's assassination. The same year, he discovered that he had been brought up by his grandparents, not his parents, and that the girl he thought was his sister was actually his mother. These events deeply affected Darin and sent him into a long period of seclusion.\nAlthough he made a successful television comeback, his health was beginning to fail, as he had always expected, following bouts of rheumatic fever in childhood. This knowledge of his vulnerability had always spurred him on to exploit his musical talent while still young. He died at age 37, following a heart operation in Los Angeles.
/m/045j3w	The Grudge is a 2004 American supernatural horror film, and the first installment in The Grudge franchise. It is a remake of the Japanese film Ju-on: The Grudge. The film was released in North America on October 22, 2004 by Columbia Pictures, and was directed by Takashi Shimizu while Stephen Susco scripted the film. The plot is told through a non-linear sequence of events and includes several intersecting subplots.\nAs the first installment of The Grudge series, it was followed by two sequels: The Grudge 2, and The Grudge 3.
/m/014g22	Mary Nell Steenburgen is an American actress. She won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe for playing the role of Lynda Dummar in Jonathan Demme's 1980 film Melvin and Howard.
/m/07rd7	Timothy Walter \"Tim\" Burton is an American film director, producer, artist, writer, poet and stop motion artist. He is known for his dark, gothic, macabre and quirky horror and fantasy films such as Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Ed Wood, Sleepy Hollow, Corpse Bride, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Dark Shadows and Frankenweenie, and for blockbusters such as Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Batman, its first sequel Batman Returns, Planet of the Apes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Alice in Wonderland.\nBurton is known for using recurring collaborators on his works; among them are Johnny Depp, who has become a close friend of Burton since their first film together; musician Danny Elfman, who has composed scores for all but two of the films Burton has directed; and actress — as well as his domestic partner — Helena Bonham Carter. He also wrote and illustrated the poetry book The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories, published in 1997, and a compilation of his drawings, sketches and other artwork, entitled The Art of Tim Burton, was released in 2009.\nBurton has directed 16 films and produced 12 as of 2012. He is currently working on Big Eyes, a biographical drama film about Walter Keane and his wife Margaret.
/m/09p0ct	The Constant Gardener is a 2005 drama thriller film directed by Fernando Meirelles. The screenplay by Jeffrey Caine is based on the John le Carré novel of the same name.\nThe film follows Justin Quayle, a British diplomat in Kenya, as he tries to solve the murder of his wife Tessa, an Amnesty activist, alternating with many flashbacks telling the story of their love.\nThe film also stars Hubert Koundé, Danny Huston, Bill Nighy and Donald Sumpter. It was filmed on location in Loiyangalani and the slums of Kibera, a section of Nairobi, Kenya. Circumstances in the area affected the cast and crew to the extent that they set up the Constant Gardener Trust in order to provide basic education for these villages. The plot was based on a real-life case in Kano, Nigeria.\nThe DVD versions were released in the United States on 1 January 2006 and in the United Kingdom on 13 March 2006.
/m/0k6nt	Denmark, officially the Kingdom of Denmark, is a sovereign state in Northern Europe, located south-west of Sweden, south of Norway, and bordered to the south by Germany. The Kingdom has two autonomous constituent countries in the north Atlantic Ocean, the Faroe Islands and Greenland. At 43,094 square kilometres, and a population of around 5.6 million inhabitants, Denmark consists of a peninsula, Jutland, and the Danish archipelago of 407 islands, of which around 70 are inhabited, are characterised by flat, arable land and sandy coasts with little elevation and a temperate climate. The national language, Danish, is closely related to and mutually intelligible with Swedish and Norwegian.\nThe Kingdom of Denmark is a unitary constitutional monarchy with Margrethe II as queen regnant, organised in a parliamentary democracy. Ending absolute monarchy introduced in 1660, the Constitution of Denmark was signed on 5 June 1849, only to be rewritten four times; the latest revision in 1953. The government resides in the capital of Copenhagen. Denmark exercises hegemonic influence in the Danish Realm, devolving political powers to handle internal affairs to the Faroe Islands and Greenland. Denmark became a member of the European Union in 1973, maintaining four opt-outs from European Union policies, as outlined in the 1992 Edinburgh Agreement. Both the Faroe Islands and Greenland remain outside the Union.
/m/020ddc	The University of Maine is a public research university located in Orono, Maine, United States. The university was established in 1865 as a land grant college and is referred to as the flagship university of the University of Maine System. Having an enrollment of approximately 11,000 students, UMaine is the largest university in the state and is the only institution in Maine classified as a research university by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. The University of Maine's athletic teams are nicknamed the Black Bears, and sport blue and white uniforms.
/m/01vsl3_	John Winston Ono Lennon, MBE was an English musician, singer and songwriter who rose to worldwide fame as a founder member of the Beatles, the most commercially successful band in the history of popular music. With Paul McCartney, he formed a songwriting partnership that is one of the most celebrated of the 20th century.\nBorn and raised in Liverpool, as a teenager Lennon became involved in the skiffle craze; his first band, the Quarrymen, evolved into the Beatles in 1960. When the group disbanded in 1970, Lennon embarked on a solo career that produced the critically acclaimed albums John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band and Imagine, and iconic songs such as \"Give Peace a Chance\" and \"Working Class Hero\". After his marriage to Yoko Ono in 1969, he changed his name to John Ono Lennon. Lennon disengaged himself from the music business in 1975 to raise his infant son Sean, but re-emerged with Ono in 1980 with the new album Double Fantasy. He was murdered three weeks after its release.\nLennon revealed a rebellious nature and acerbic wit in his music, writing, drawings, on film and in interviews. Controversial through his political and peace activism, he moved to New York City in 1971, where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon's administration to deport him, while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture.
/m/0blbxk	Taraji Penda Henson is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles as Yvette in Baby Boy, Shug in Hustle and Flow and Queenie in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2009. From 2011 to 2013, she co-starred in the CBS drama Person of Interest.
/m/0dpqk	Eric Idle is an English comedian, actor, author, singer, writer and comedic composer. Idle was a member of the English surreal comedy group Monty Python, a member of the Rutles on Saturday Night Live, and the author of the Broadway musical Spamalot.
/m/0c1sgd3	Water for Elephants is a 2011 American romantic drama film directed by Francis Lawrence. Richard LaGravenese wrote the screenplay, which was based on Sara Gruen's 2006 novel of the same name. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Robert Pattinson, and Christoph Waltz.\nThe film was released in the United States and Canada on April 22, 2011, and received mixed to positive reviews from film critics; it garnered a \"Fresh\" rating on Rotten Tomatoes based upon aggregated reviews, and a rating of \"mixed or average reviews\" at Metacritic.
/m/01tqfs	Sheffield United Football Club is a professional football club in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. They compete in League One, the third tier of English football. The football club was formed in 1889 as an offshoot of Sheffield United Cricket Club, and are nicknamed The Blades due to Sheffield's history of steel production. The club have played their home games at Bramall Lane since their formation in 1889.\nSheffield United won the League in 1898 and the FA Cup in 1899, 1902, 1915 and 1925. They were beaten finalists in the FA Cup in 1901 and 1936, and reached the semi-finals in 1961, 1993, 1998 and 2003. They reached the semi-finals of the League Cup in 2003.\nSheffield United were promoted to the Premier League in 2006 but were relegated in 2007. They reached the Championship play-off final in 2009 but were relegated to the third tier of English football in 2011.
/m/0cz_ym	American Gangster is a 2007 American biographical drama crime film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Steve Zaillian. The film is based on the criminal career of Frank Lucas, a gangster from La Grange, North Carolina who smuggled heroin into the United States on American service planes returning from the Vietnam War before being detained by a task force led by detective Richie Roberts. It features Russell Crowe and Denzel Washington in their first leading roles together since Virtuosity, with Ted Levine, John Ortiz, Josh Brolin, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Norman Reedus, Ruby Dee, Lymari Nadal and Cuba Gooding, Jr. in supporting roles.\nDevelopment for the film initially began in 2000, when Universal Pictures and Imagine Entertainment purchased the rights to a New York magazine story about the rise and fall of Lucas. Two years later, screenwriter Steven Zaillian introduced a 170-page scriptment to Scott. Original production plans were to commence in Toronto for budget purposes; however, production eventually relocated permanently to New York City. Because of the film's rising budget Universal canceled production in 2004. After negotiations with Terry George, it was later revived with Scott at the helm in March 2005. Principal photography commenced over a period of five months from July to December 2006; filming took place throughout New York City and concluded in Thailand.
/m/01mjq	The Czech Republic is a landlocked country in Central Europe. The country is bordered by Germany to the west, Austria to the south, Slovakia to the east and Poland to the north. Its capital and largest city, with 1.3 million inhabitants, is Prague. The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia and Moravia, as well as a small part of Silesia.\nThe Czech state, formerly known as Bohemia, was formed in the late 9th century as a small duchy around Prague, at that time under the dominance of the powerful Great Moravian Empire. After the fall of the Empire in 907, the centre of power was transferred from Moravia to Bohemia, under the Přemyslids. Since 1002 it was formally recognized as part of the Holy Roman Empire. In 1212 the duchy was raised to a kingdom and during the rule of Přemyslid dukes/kings and their successors, the Luxembourgs, the country reached its greatest territorial extent. During the Hussite wars the kingdom faced economic embargoes and crusades from all over Europe. Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526, the Kingdom of Bohemia was gradually integrated into the Habsburg monarchy as one of its three principal parts, alongside the Archduchy of Austria and the Kingdom of Hungary. The Bohemian Revolt lost in the Battle of White Mountain, led to Thirty Years' War and further centralization of the monarchy including forced recatholization and Germanization. With the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, the Bohemian kingdom became part of the Austrian Empire. In the 19th century the Czech lands became the industrial powerhouse of the monarchy and the core of the Republic of Czechoslovakia which was formed in 1918, following the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian Empire after World War I. After 1933, Czechoslovakia remained the only democracy in central and eastern Europe.
/m/0gyh2wm	Hyde Park on Hudson is a 2012 British biographical historical comedy drama directed by Roger Michell. The film stars Bill Murray and Laura Linney as Franklin D. Roosevelt and Margaret \"Daisy\" Suckley, respectively. It was based on Suckley’s private journals and diaries, discovered after her death, about her love affair with and intimate details about President Roosevelt.
/m/0gx_st	The 58th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on Sunday, August 27, 2006 on NBC at 8:00pm ET with Conan O'Brien hosting the show. The ceremony attracted 16.2 million viewers, 2½ million fewer than the previous year's ceremony, but still the ratings winner for the week. The Discovery Channel received its first major nomination this year.\nThis awards show was the first in 14 years to be held in August because of NBC's request; because of NBC Sunday Night Football, the show moved to accommodate NFL Kickoff Weekend.\nA new voting system determined nominees in particular categories by a \"blue ribbon\" panel of judges, which resulted in the exclusion of popular shows such as Desperate Housewives and Lost, and actors like Hugh Laurie from House. Lost's exclusion was mocked during the opening sequence, when O'Brien, accompanied by Hugo \"Hurley\" Reyes, heads down a hatch to get to the Emmys. O'Brien asked Reyes if he wanted to come; Reyes says coyly, \"Well, we weren't exactly invited\", to which O'Brien replies \"But you won last year!\"\nFor its second season, The Office won Outstanding Comedy Series, this was its only major award. No comedy series won more than two major awards. In the drama field 24 won Outstanding Drama Series after being nominated and losing the previous four years. Its three major awards topped all drama series. Ellen Burstyn was nominated for the Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Special for her role in Mrs. Harris, even though she was onscreen for only 14 seconds.
/m/020l9r	Philip John Clapp, known by his stage name Johnny Knoxville, is an American daredevil, actor, comedian, screenwriter and film producer. He is best known as a creator and cast member of the MTV series Jackass.
/m/02x8m	Funk is a music genre that originated in the mid-late 1960s when African-American musicians created a rhythmic, danceable new form of music through a mixture of soul music, jazz, and R&B. Funk de-emphasizes melody and harmony and brings a strong rhythmic groove of electric bass and drums to the foreground. Funk songs are often based on an extended vamp on a single chord, distinguishing it from R&B and soul songs, which are built on chord progressions.\nLike much African-inspired music, funk typically consists of a complex groove with rhythm instruments such as electric guitar, electric bass, Hammond organ, and drums playing interlocking rhythms. Funk bands sometimes have a horn section of several saxophones, trumpets, and in some cases, a trombone, which plays rhythmic \"hits\".\nMany of the most famous bands in the genre also played disco and soul extensively. Funk samples have been used extensively in genres including hip hop, house music, and drum and bass. It is also the main influence of go-go, a subgenre associated with funk.
/m/02t8gf	Industrial metal is a musical genre that draws from industrial dance music, thrash metal and hardcore punk, using repeating metal guitar riffs, sampling, synthesizer or sequencer lines, and distorted vocals. Founding industrial metal acts include Ministry, Godflesh, and KMFDM.\nIndustrial metal's popularity led to some criticism from other artists associated with the industrial scene. Subsequently, it is most well known in various European permutations. Industrial metal groups have produced many acclaimed music videos.
/m/01lxw6	Lexington is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 31,394 at the 2010 census, in nearly 11,100 households. Settled in 1642, this town is famous for being the site of the first shot of the American Revolutionary War, in the Battle of Lexington on April 19, 1775, as the \"Shot heard 'round the world\" when news spread about the revolution.
/m/01vsgrn	Marshall Bruce Mathers III, better known by his stage name Eminem and by his alter ego Slim Shady, is an American rapper, record producer, songwriter, and actor. In addition to his solo career, Eminem is a member of his group D12, as well as one half of the hip hop duo Bad Meets Evil, alongside Royce da 5'9\". Eminem is one of the world's best-selling music artists and is the best-selling artist of the 2000s. He has been listed and ranked as one of the greatest artists of all time by many magazines, including Rolling Stone magazine which ranked him 82nd on its list of The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. The same magazine declared him The King of Hip Hop. Including his work with D12 and Bad Meets Evil, Eminem has achieved ten number-one albums on the Billboard 200. Eminem has sold more than 80 million albums and over 120 million singles worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. As of early January 2012, he has sold 49.1 million albums and 42 million tracks in the United States alone.\nAfter releasing his independent debut album Infinite in August 1996, Eminem rose to mainstream popularity with the release of his February 1999 album The Slim Shady LP. The LP also earned Eminem his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. The Slim Shady LP was followed by The Marshall Mathers LP in May 2000 and The Eminem Show in late May 2002, both of which also won Best Rap Album Grammy Awards, making Eminem the first artist to win Best Rap Album for three consecutive LPs. This was followed by another studio release in November 2004 titled Encore. Eminem then went on hiatus after touring in 2005. He released his sixth album Relapse in May 2009. In June 2010, Eminem released his seventh studio album Recovery. Recovery was an international success and was named the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide, becoming the rapper's second album, after The Eminem Show, to become the internationally best-selling album of its year. Eminem won Grammy Awards for both Relapse and Recovery, giving him a total of 13 Grammys in his career. His eighth studio album, The Marshall Mathers LP 2 was released in early November 2013.
/m/01svw8n	Fergie Duhamel is an American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, television host and actress. She is the female vocalist for the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas, with whom she has achieved chart success worldwide. Her debut solo album, The Dutchess, spawned five Billboard Hot 100 top five singles, three of which went to number one.\nFerguson was a member of the children's television series Kids Incorporated and the girl group Wild Orchid. In 2001, she left the group and in the subsequent year began to team up with The Black Eyed Peas. With The Black Eyed Peas, she enjoyed a series of hits and albums before releasing her solo debut album in September 2006 to success. The Black Eyed Peas enjoyed further success with the release of their third album with Ferguson, The E.N.D.; they attained their first string of Billboard Hot 100 number one songs. She began touring in 2009/2010 with her group and she launched her debut fragrance, Outspoken, under Avon in May 2010 and has since released three more fragrances.\nShe continued success with The Black Eyed Peas and they released the album The Beginning, which featured three singles, including two number one songs. As Ferguson's five solo singles and six singles with The Black Eyed Peas have reached two million downloads in the United States, Ferguson was the artist with the most two-million sellers by the beginning of 2011.
/m/016tw3	Universal Pictures is a film production company.
/m/0k4fz	Sunset Boulevard is a 1950 American film noir directed and co-written by Billy Wilder, and produced and co-written by Charles Brackett. It was named after the boulevard that runs through Los Angeles and Beverly Hills, California.\nThe film stars William Holden as Joe Gillis, an unsuccessful screenwriter, and Gloria Swanson as Norma Desmond, a faded silent movie star who draws him into her fantasy world where she dreams of making a triumphant return to the screen, with Erich von Stroheim as Max Von Mayerling, her butler and first husband. Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough and Jack Webb play supporting roles. Director Cecil B. DeMille and gossip columnist Hedda Hopper play themselves, and the film includes cameo appearances by leading silent film actors Buster Keaton, H. B. Warner and Anna Q. Nilsson.\nPraised by many critics when first released, Sunset Boulevard was nominated for eleven Academy Awards and won three. It is widely accepted as a classic, often cited as one of the greatest films of American cinema. Deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" by the U.S. Library of Congress in 1989, Sunset Boulevard was included in the first group of films selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. In 1998, it was ranked number twelve on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 best American films of the 20th century, and in 2007 it was 16th on their 10th Anniversary list.
/m/0s5cg	Oak Park is a village adjacent to the western side of the city of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is the 29th largest municipality in Illinois as measured by population, and has easy access to downtown Chicago via public transportation such as the Chicago 'L' Blue and Green lines, CTA buses, and Metra commuter rail. As of the 2010 United States Census the Village had a total population to 51,878.
/m/02w9sd7	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor is an annual award given by the National Society of Film Critics to honor the best leading actor of the year.
/m/09txzv	Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy drama film directed by Spike Jonze and adapted from Maurice Sendak's 1963 children's book Where the Wild Things Are. It combines live action, performers in costumes, animatronics, and computer-generated imagery. The film stars Max Records, and features the voices of James Gandolfini, Paul Dano, Lauren Ambrose, Forest Whitaker, Catherine O'Hara, and Chris Cooper. The film centers around a lonely nine-year-old boy named Max who sails away to an island inhabited by creatures known as the \"Wild Things,\" who declare Max their king.\nIn the early 1980s, Disney considered adapting the film as a blend of traditionally animated characters and computer-generated environments, but development did not go past a test film to see how the animation hybridizing would result. In 2001, Universal Studios acquired rights to the book's adaptation and initially attempted to develop a computer-animated adaptation with Disney animator Eric Goldberg, but the CGI concept was replaced with a live-action one in 2003, and Goldberg was dropped for Spike Jonze. The film was co-produced by actor Tom Hanks through his production company Playtone and made on an estimated budget of around $100,000,000.
/m/0b_yz	Reading is a large town and unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of Berkshire, England. It is located in the Thames Valley at the confluence of the River Thames and River Kennet, and on both the Great Western Main Line railway and the M4 motorway. Reading is located 36 miles east from Swindon, 24 miles south from Oxford, 36 miles west of central London, and 14 miles north from Basingstoke.\nThe Borough of Reading has a population of 145,700 and the town formed the largest part of the Reading/Wokingham Urban Area which had a population of 318,014. The town is currently represented in the UK parliament by two members, and has been continuously represented there since 1295. For ceremonial purposes the town is in the county of Berkshire and has served as its county town since 1867, previously sharing this status with Abingdon-on-Thames.\nThe first evidence for Reading as a settlement dates from the 8th century. Reading was an important centre in the medieval period, as the site of Reading Abbey, a monastery with strong royal connections. The town was seriously impacted by the English Civil War, with a major siege and loss of trade, and played a pivotal role in the Revolution of 1688, with that revolution's only significant military action fought on the streets of the town. The 19th century saw the coming of the Great Western Railway and the development of the town's brewing, baking and seed growing businesses.
/m/019vv1	Charterhouse, originally The Hospital of King James and Thomas Sutton in Charterhouse, or more simply House, is an English collegiate independent boarding school situated at Godalming in Surrey.\nFounded by Thomas Sutton in London in 1611 on the site of the old Carthusian monastery in Charterhouse Square, Smithfield, it is one of the original nine English public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868 which derived from the Clarendon Commission of 1864. Today pupils at Charterhouse are still referred to as Carthusians, and ex-pupils as Old Carthusians or OCs.
/m/0209xj	Lost in Translation is a 2003 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It was her second feature film after The Virgin Suicides. It stars Bill Murray, Scarlett Johansson, Giovanni Ribisi, Anna Faris, and Fumihiro Hayashi. The film revolves around an aging actor named Bob Harris and a recent college graduate named Charlotte who develop a rapport after a chance meeting in a Tokyo hotel. The movie explores themes of loneliness, insomnia, existential ennui, and culture shock against the backdrop of a modern Japanese city.\nLost in Translation was a major critical success and was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor for Bill Murray, and Best Director for Sofia Coppola; Coppola won for Best Original Screenplay. Scarlett Johansson won a BAFTA award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. The film was also a commercial success, grossing almost $120 million from a budget of only $4 million.
/m/02wgk1	Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 American superhero film directed by Sam Raimi and written by Alvin Sargent from a story by Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, and Michael Chabon. The sequel to the 2002 film Spider-Man, it is the second film in Raimi's Spider-Man film trilogy based on the fictional Marvel Comics character of the same name. Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, and James Franco reprise their respective roles as Peter Parker/Spider-Man, Mary Jane Watson, and Harry Osborn.\nSet two years after the events of Spider-Man, the film focuses on Peter Parker struggling to manage both his personal life and his duties as Spider-Man, and Dr. Otto Octavius, who takes a turn for the diabolical following a failed experiment and his wife's death. Using his mechanical tentacles, Octavius is dubbed \"Doctor Octopus\" and threatens to endanger the lives of New York City's residents. Spider-Man must stop him from annihilating the city.\nSpider-Man 2 was released in both conventional and IMAX theaters on June 30, 2004, receiving high acclaim from critics and continuing to be featured frequently on lists of the best superhero films of all time. It grossed over $783 million worldwide and won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. It also received five awards at the Saturn Awards ceremony including Best Fantasy Film and Best Director for Raimi. The film's success led to Spider-Man 3, released in 2007.
/m/02b1hq	Farnborough Football Club is an English football team currently in the Conference South after finishing top of Southern League Premier Division in 2009–10. Their home ground is known as Cherrywood Road, based in Farnborough, Hampshire. Their primary colours are all yellow with blue trim. Farnborough FC is a Phoenix Club, founded out of the demise of Farnborough Town F.C. in 2007.
/m/03nk3t	Stephen Arthur Frears is an English film director.
/m/0c9d9	Jean Michel André Jarre is a French composer, performer and music producer. He is a pioneer in the electronic, ambient and New Age genres, and known as an organiser of outdoor spectacles of his music featuring lights, laser displays, and fireworks.\nJarre was raised in Lyon by his mother and grandparents, and trained on the piano. From an early age he was introduced to a variety of art forms, including those of street performers, jazz musicians, and the artist Pierre Soulages. He played guitar in a band, but his musical style was perhaps most heavily influenced by Pierre Schaeffer, a pioneer of musique concrète at the Groupe de Recherches Musicales.\nHis first mainstream success was the 1976 album Oxygène. Recorded in a makeshift studio at his home, the album sold an estimated 12 million copies. Oxygène was followed in 1978 by Équinoxe, and in 1979 Jarre performed to a record-breaking audience of more than a million people at the Place de la Concorde, a record he has since broken three times. More albums were to follow, but his 1979 concert served as a blueprint for his future performances around the world. Several of his albums have been released to coincide with large-scale outdoor events, and he is now perhaps as well known as a performer as well as a musician.
/m/0cyhq	Irving Berlin was an American composer and lyricist of Belarusian-Jewish origin, widely considered one of the greatest songwriters in American history, his music forming a great part of The Great American Songbook. He published his first song, \"Marie from Sunny Italy\", in 1907 and had his first major international hit, \"Alexander's Ragtime Band\" in 1911. He also was an owner of the Broadway theater the Music Box Theatre.\n\"Alexander's Ragtime Band\" sparked an international dance craze in places as far away as Berlin's native Russia, which also \"flung itself into the ragtime beat with an abandon bordering on mania.\" Over the years he was known for writing music and lyrics in the American vernacular: uncomplicated, simple and direct, with his stated aim being to \"reach the heart of the average American,\" whom he saw as the \"real soul of the country.\" In doing so, said Walter Cronkite, at Berlin's 100th birthday tribute, he \"helped write the story of this country, capturing the best of who we are and the dreams that shape our lives.\"\nHe wrote hundreds of songs, many becoming major hits, which made him \"a legend\" before he turned thirty. During his 60-year career he wrote an estimated 1,500 songs, including the scores for 19 Broadway shows and 18 Hollywood films, with his songs nominated eight times for Academy Awards. Many songs became popular themes and anthems, including \"Easter Parade\", \"White Christmas\", \"Happy Holiday\", \"This Is the Army, Mr. Jones\", and \"There's No Business Like Show Business\". His Broadway musical and 1942 film, This is the Army, with Ronald Reagan, had Kate Smith singing Berlin's \"God Bless America\" which was first performed in 1938. Smith still performed the song on her 1960 CBS television series, The Kate Smith Show. After the September 11 attacks in 2001, Celine Dion recorded it as a tribute, making it #1 on the charts.
/m/03ym1	Sir Ian Murray McKellen, CH, CBE is an English actor. He is the recipient of six Laurence Olivier Awards, a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BIF Award, two Saturn Awards, four Drama Desk Awards and two Critics' Choice Awards. He has also received two Academy Award nominations, eight BAFTA film and TV nominations and five Emmy Award nominations. McKellen's work spans genres ranging from Shakespearean and modern theatre to popular fantasy and science fiction. His notable film roles include Gandalf in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit trilogies and Magneto in the X-Men films.\nMcKellen was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1979, was knighted in 1991 for services to the performing arts, and was made a Companion of Honour for services to drama and to equality, in the 2008 New Year Honours.
/m/0p3_y	Die Hard is a 1988 American action film directed by John McTiernan and written by Steve de Souza and Jeb Stuart, based on the 1979 novel Nothing Lasts Forever by Roderick Thorp. Die Hard follows off-duty New York City Police Department officer John McClane as he takes on a group of highly organized criminals led by Hans Gruber, who perform a heist in a Los Angeles skyscraper under the guise of a terrorist attack using hostages, including McClane's wife Holly, to keep the police at bay.\nDie Hard is based on Nothing Lasts Forever, the sequel to Thorp's 1966 novel The Detective, which itself had been adapted into a 1968 film of the same name starring Frank Sinatra. Fox was contractually obligated to offer Sinatra the lead role in Die Hard, but he turned it down and the film was instead pitched as a sequel to the 1985 action film Commando starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. When Schwarzenegger also turned it down, the film was pitched to, and rejected by, a host of the era's action stars before Willis was chosen. The studio did not have faith in Willis' action star appeal, as at the time he was known for his comedic role on television.\nMade on a $28 million budget, Die Hard went on to gross over $140 million theatrically worldwide, and was praised by critics. The film turned Willis into an action star, and became a frequent comparison for other action films featuring a lone hero fighting overwhelming odds. The film's success spawned the Die Hard franchise, which includes four sequels, video games, and a comic book.
/m/0cp0790	Barney's Version is a 2010 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Richard J. Lewis, based on the novel of the same name by Mordecai Richler. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
/m/011yrp	Life Is Beautiful is a 1997 Italian comedy-drama film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. Benigni plays Guido Orefice, a Jewish Italian book shop owner, who must employ his fertile imagination to shield his son from the horrors of internment in a Nazi concentration camp. Part of the film came from Benigni's own family history; before Roberto's birth, his father had survived three years of internment at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. The film was a critical and financial success, winning Benigni the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 71st Academy Awards as well as the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic Score and the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
/m/09qs08	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. In early Emmy ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific. Beginning with the 22nd Emmys, supporting actresses in comedy have competed alone. However, these comedic performances often included actors from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors. Such instances are marked below.\n# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Telefilm, prior to the category's creation.\n§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
/m/0660b9b	The Men Who Stare at Goats is a 2009 British comedy war film directed by Grant Heslov and based on Jon Ronson's book of the same name, an account of the investigation by Ronson and John Sergeant into attempts by the U.S. military to employ psychic powers as a weapon. The film stars George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Jeff Bridges and Kevin Spacey, and was produced by Clooney's and Heslov's production company Smokehouse Pictures.\nThe film premiered at the 66th Venice International Film Festival on September 8, 2009, and went on general release in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland, and Italy on November 6, 2009.
/m/04205z	Emily Olivia Leah Blunt is an English actress. She has appeared in The Devil Wears Prada, The Young Victoria, The Adjustment Bureau, and Looper. She has been nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, two London Film Critics' Circle Awards, and one BAFTA Award. She won a Golden Globe Award for her work in the BBC television drama Gideon's Daughter. In 2009, she received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year.
/m/05tg3	The Philadelphia Eagles are an American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are members of the East Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The Eagles have won three NFL titles and made two Super Bowl appearances, losing both.\nThe club was established in 1931 as a replacement for the bankrupt Frankford Yellow Jackets when a group led by Bert Bell secured the rights to a NFL franchise in Philadelphia. Heretofore, Bell, Chuck Bednarik, Bob Brown, Reggie White, Steve Van Buren, Tommy McDonald, Greasy Neale, Pete Pihos, Sonny Jurgensen, and Norm Van Brocklin have been inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
/m/03x6rj	A.E.K. Athens F.C. is a Greek association football club based in Athens.\nEstablished in Athens in 1924 by Greek refugees from Constantinople in the wake of the Greco-Turkish War, A.E.K. is one of the more successful clubs in Greek football, winning 29 national titles and the team has regularly appeared in European competitions. AEK is a member of the European Club Association.\nThe club was relegated from the Greek Superleague after the 2012–13 season for the first time in its history. In an effort to discharge the immense debt created by years of mismanagement, its directors chose for the team to compete in the third tier Football League 2 for the 2013-14 season, thus turning the club into an amateur club.
/m/09ggk	Purple is a range of hues of color occurring between red and blue. The Oxford English Dictionary describes it as a deep, rich shade between crimson and violet.\nPurple was the color worn by Roman Emperors and magistrates, and later by Roman Catholic bishops. Since that time, purple has been commonly associated with royalty and piety.
/m/03ftmg	Anthony Horowitz, OBE is a prolific English novelist and screenwriter specialising in mystery and suspense. His work for children and teenagers includes The Diamond Brothers series, the Alex Rider series, and The Power of Five series. His work for adults includes the novel and play Mindgame and the Sherlock Holmes novel The House of Silk. He has also written extensively for television, contributing numerous scripts to ITV's Agatha Christie's Poirot and Midsomer Murders. He was the creator and principal writer of the ITV series Foyle's War, Collision and Injustice.
/m/0m7yh	The University of Bonn is a public research university located in Bonn, Germany. Founded in its present form in 1818, as the linear successor of earlier academic institutions, the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany. The University of Bonn offers a large number of undergraduate and graduate programs in a range of subjects. Its library holds more than two million volumes. The University of Bonn has 525 professors and 31,000 students. Among its notable alumni and faculty are seven Nobel Laureates, two Fields Medalists, twelve Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners, Prince Albert, Pope Benedict XVI, Frederick III, Karl Marx, Heinrich Heine, Friedrich Nietzsche, Konrad Adenauer, and Joseph Schumpeter. In the years 2010, 2011 and 2013, the Times Higher Education ranked the University of Bonn as one of the 200 best universities in the world.
/m/01ygv2	Television Broadcasts Limited, commonly known as TVB, the first wireless commercial television station in Hong Kong, TVB is now one of two free-to-air TV broadcasters in Hong Kong and one of the largest commercial Chinese programme producers in the world. It commenced broadcasting on 19 November 1967. With a staff of about 4,500, it is one of two free-to-air television broadcasters in Hong Kong, the other being Asia Television Limited.\nWhen TVB first began broadcasting, to distinguish it from the cable television broadcaster, Rediffusion Television, it was commonly known as \"Wireless Television\" in Chinese. It is still usually referred to with that name, although there is more than one terrestrial television station now. The company's previous chairman was Sir Run Run Shaw.\nTVB's headquarters is Asia's largest commercial television production center.\nTVB currently operates five free channels in Hong Kong: TVB Jade and TVB Pearl are TVB's flagship television channels. Under the digital terrestrial television platform, which formally commenced on 31 December 2007, J2 and iNEWS are new channels launched with standard definition, while HD Jade is Hong Kong's first 24-hour broadcasting free channel in high definition. TVB currently provides twelve pay-tv channels for its associated company, TVB Pay Vision Limited.
/m/0m19t	Portishead is a band formed in 1991 in Bristol, England. The band is named after the nearby town of the same name, 8 miles west of Bristol. Portishead consists of Geoff Barrow, Beth Gibbons, and Adrian Utley, while sometimes citing a fourth member, Dave McDonald, an engineer on Dummy and Portishead.
/m/03rg2b	In Harm's Way is a 1965 American epic war film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Patricia Neal, Tom Tryon, Paula Prentiss, Stanley Holloway, Burgess Meredith, Brandon deWilde, Jill Haworth, Dana Andrews, and Henry Fonda.\nIt was the last black-and-white World War II epic and the last black-and-white John Wayne film. It received a mixed response over the years as a war story that had a simple story, a charge leveled against Preminger's later movies, starting with this one. The screenplay was written by Wendell Mayes based on the novel Harm's Way by James Bassett.\nThe film recounts the lives of several US naval officers and their wives or lovers while based in Hawaii as the US involvement in World War II begins. The title of the film comes from a quote from American Revolutionary naval hero John Paul Jones: \"I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast, for I intend to go in harm's way.\"\nThe film presents a relatively unromanticized and realistic picture of the American Navy and its officers in the period before and shortly after the start of World War II, complete with bureaucratic infighting among the brass and sometimes disreputable private acts by individuals. Its sprawling narrative is typical of Preminger's works in which he examined institutions and the people who run them.
/m/0356lc	The Confederation of African Football is the administrative and controlling body for African association football.\nCAF represents the national football associations of Africa, runs continental, national, and club competitions, and controls the prize money, regulations and media rights to those competitions.\nCAF is one of the biggest of six continental confederations of FIFA. Although it is just three years younger than the UEFA, CAF still has a long way to go in order to improve the quality of the national and local competitions. CAF has been given 5 slots out of the 32 available since the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France, this increased to 6 in 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, to include the hosts. The number of places returned to 5 for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.\nCAF was founded on 8 February 1957 in Khartoum, Sudan by the Egyptian, Ethiopian, South African and Sudanese FAs, following former discussions between the Egyptian, Somali, South African and Sudanese FAs earlier in 7 June 1956 in Avenida Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal. Its first headquarters was situated in Khartoum, Sudan for some months until a fire outbreak in the offices of the Sudanese Football Association when the organization moved near Cairo. Youssef Mohammad was the first General Secretary and Abdel Aziz Abdallah Salem the president. The administrative center since 2002 is located in 6th of October City, near Cairo. It was initially made up of 4 national associations. Currently there are 56 associations, 54 full members beside Zanzibar and Réunion Island as associates..
/m/0418ft	Pamela Suzette \"Pam\" Grier is an American actress. She became famous in the early 1970s after starring in a string of moderately successful women in prison and blaxploitation films such as The Big Bird Cage, Coffy and Foxy Brown. Her career was revitalized in 1997 after her appearance in Quentin Tarantino's film Jackie Brown, for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. She has also been nominated for a SAG Award as well as a Satellite Award for her performance in Jackie Brown. Grier is also known for her work on television, for 6 seasons she portrayed Kate 'Kit' Porter on the television series The L Word. She received an Emmy Award nomination for her work in an Animated Program Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child. Rotten Tomatoes has ranked her as the second Greatest Female Action Heroine in film history. Director Quentin Tarantino remarked that she may have been cinema's first female action star.
/m/0cqh46	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Miniseries or Television Movie.
/m/017l96	Capitol Records is a major American record label that is part of the Capitol Music Group and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Universal Music Group. Founded in 1942 by three industry insiders, the label has recorded and released material by artists such as Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra, The Kingston Trio, The Beach Boys, The Beatles, Glen Campbell, Megadeth, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Coldplay, and Katy Perry among many others. Eventually acquired by EMI, the label has released records in many musical genres. Its Los Angeles headquarters building Capitol Records Tower is a recognized landmark.
/m/0bc1yhb	Iron Man 3 is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008's Iron Man and 2010's Iron Man 2, and the seventh installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, being the first major release in the franchise since the crossover film The Avengers. Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, which uses concepts from the \"Extremis\" story arc by Warren Ellis. The film stars Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hall, Stephanie Szostak, James Badge Dale, Jon Favreau, and Ben Kingsley. In Iron Man 3, Tony Stark tries to recover from posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of The Avengers, while investigating a terrorist organization led by the mysterious Mandarin.\nAfter the release of Iron Man 2 in May 2010, Favreau decided not to return as director, and in February 2011 Black was hired to write and direct the film. Black and Drew Pearce opted to make the script more character-centric and focused on thriller elements. Throughout April and May 2012, the film's supporting cast was filled out, with Kingsley, Pearce, and Hall brought in to portray key roles. Filming began on May 23, and lasted through December 17, 2012, primarily at EUE/Screen Gems Studios in Wilmington, North Carolina. Additional shooting took place at various locations around North Carolina, as well as Florida, China and Los Angeles. The visual effects were handled by 17 companies, including Scanline VFX, Digital Domain, and Weta Digital. It was converted to 3D in post-production.
/m/04w7rn	The Golden Compass is a 2007 fantasy-adventure film based on Northern Lights, the first novel in Philip Pullman's trilogy His Dark Materials. Directed by Chris Weitz, it stars Dakota Blue Richards, Daniel Craig, Eva Green, Tom Courtenay, Christopher Lee, Nicole Kidman and Sam Elliot. The project was announced in February 2002, following the success of recent adaptations of other fantasy epics, but troubles over the script and the selection of a director caused significant delays. At US$180 million, it was one of New Line Cinema's most expensive projects ever, and its middling success in the US contributed to New Line's February 2008 restructuring.\nThe story depicts the adventures of Lyra Belacqua, an orphan living in a parallel universe on a world that looks much like our own. In Lyra's world, a dogmatic ruling power called the Magisterium is conspiring to end tolerance and free inquiry. Poor, orphan, and Gyptian children are disappearing at the hands of a group the children call the Gobblers. Lyra discovers that Mrs. Coulter is running the Gobblers. Rescued by the Gyptians, Lyra joins them on a trip to the far north in search of the missing children.\nBefore its release, the film received criticism from secularist organisations and fans of His Dark Materials for the dilution of the anti-religious elements from the novels, as well as from some religious organisations for the source material's anti-Catholic themes. The studio ordered significant changes late in post-production, which Weitz later called a \"terrible\" experience. Although the film's visual effects won both a BAFTA and an Academy Award, critical reception was mixed.
/m/01xzb6	Don Henley
/m/02sn34	Kiev or Kyiv is the capital and the largest city of Ukraine, located in the north central part of the country on the Dnieper River. The population as of July 2013 was 2,847,200, making Kiev at least 8th largest city in Europe.\nKiev is an important industrial, scientific, educational, and cultural centre of Eastern Europe. It is home to many high-tech industries, higher education institutions and world-famous historical landmarks. The city has an extensive infrastructure and highly developed system of public transport, including the Kiev Metro.\nThe city's name is said to derive from the name of Kyi, one of its four legendary founders. During its history, Kiev, one of the oldest cities in Eastern Europe, passed through several stages of great prominence and relative obscurity. The city probably existed as a commercial centre as early as the 5th century. A Slavic settlement on the great trade route between Scandinavia and Constantinople, Kiev was a tributary of the Khazars, until seized by the Varangians in the mid-9th century. Under Varangian rule, the city became a capital of the Rus', the first East Slavic state. Completely destroyed during the Mongol invasion in 1240, the city lost most of its influence for the centuries to come. It was a provincial capital of marginal importance in the outskirts of the territories controlled by its powerful neighbours; first the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, followed by Poland and Russia.
/m/02p11jq	MCA Records was an American-based record company owned by MCA Inc., which later gave way to the larger MCA Music Entertainment Group, of which MCA Records was still part. MCA Records was absorbed by Geffen Records in 2003. MCA's country division, MCA Nashville Records, is a still active imprint of Universal Music Group Nashville.
/m/02__34	Legends of the Fall is a 1994 American epic drama film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Aidan Quinn, Julia Ormond, and Henry Thomas. Based on the 1979 novella of the same title by Jim Harrison, the film is about three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of early 1900s and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love. The film's time frame spans the decade before World War I through the Prohibition era, and into the 1930s, ending with a brief scene set in 1963. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards and won for Best Cinematography. Both the film and book contain occasional Cornish language terms, the Ludlows being a Cornish emigrant family.
/m/032zg9	Irving Rameses \"Ving\" Rhames is an American actor best known for his work in Bringing Out the Dead, Pulp Fiction, Baby Boy, Don King: Only in America, Dawn of the Dead, Con Air, the Mission: Impossible film series.
/m/02bjrlw	Italian is a Romance language spoken mainly in Europe: Italy, Switzerland, San Marino, Vatican City, as a second language in Malta, Slovenia and Croatia, by minorities in Eritrea, France, Libya, Monaco, Montenegro, and Somalia, and by expatriate communities in the Americas and Australia. Many speakers are native bilinguals of both standardised Italian and other regional languages.\nAccording to the Bologna statistics of the European Union, Italian is spoken as a native language by 59 million people in the EU, mainly in Italy, and as a second language by 14 million. Including the Italian speakers in non-EU European countries and on other continents, the total number of speakers is more than 85 million.\nIn Switzerland, Italian is one of four official languages; it is studied and learned in all the confederation schools and spoken, as a native language, in the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Grigioni and by the Italian immigrants that are present in large numbers in German- and French-speaking cantons. It is also the official language of San Marino, as well as the primary language of the Vatican City. It is co-official in Slovenian Istria and in Istria County in Croatia. The Italian language adopted by the state after the unification of Italy is based on Tuscan, which beforehand was a language spoken mostly by the upper class of Florentine society. Its development was also influenced by other Italian languages and by the Germanic languages of the post-Roman invaders.
/m/073h9x	The 64th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1991 in the United States and took place on March 30, 1992, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the third consecutive year. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles on March 7, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Tom Hanks.\nThe Silence of the Lambs won five awards including Best Picture. Other winners included Terminator 2: Judgment Day with four awards, Beauty and the Beast, Bugsy, and JFK with two, and City Slickers, Deadly Deception: General Electric, Nuclear Weapons and Our Environment, The Fisher King, In the Shadow of the Stars, Manipulation, Mediterraneo, Session Man, and Thelma & Louise with one. The telecast garnered more than 44 million viewers in the United States.
/m/07h565	Jacob Vargas is a Mexican actor.
/m/02hfp_	Anthony Minghella, CBE was a British film director, playwright and screenwriter. He was Chairman of the Board of Governors at the British Film Institute between 2003 and 2007.\nHe won the Academy Award for Best Director for The English Patient, which also won the Academy Award for Best Picture, the BAFTA Award for Best Film and Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.
/m/0lv1x	The 1928 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Amsterdam had bid for the 1920 and 1924 Olympic Games, but had to give way to wartorn Antwerp, Belgium, and Pierre de Coubertin's Paris, respectively. The only other candidate city for the 1928 Games was Los Angeles, which would host the Olympics four years later.\nThe United States Olympic Committee measured the costs and revenue of the 1928 Games in preparation for the 1932 Summer Olympics. The committee reported a total cost of US$1.183 million with receipts of US$1.165 million for a loss of US$18,000—much less than that of the previous Games.
/m/02vqpx8	David Eugene Mills was an American journalist, writer and producer of television programs. He was an executive producer and writer of the HBO miniseries The Corner, for which he won two Emmy Awards, and the creator, executive producer, and writer of the NBC miniseries Kingpin.
/m/01hr11	The MIT Sloan School of Management is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.\nMIT Sloan offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral programs, as well as non-degree executive education, and has over 20,000 alumni globally. Its largest program is its full-time MBA, which is one of the most selective in the world, with students from more than 60 countries every year, and ranked #1 in more subjects than any other MBA program.\nMIT Sloan places great emphasis on innovation and invention, and many of the world's most famous management and finance theories—including the Black–Scholes model, the binomial options pricing model, the Modigliani–Miller theorem, the neoclassical growth model, the random walk hypothesis, Theory X and Theory Y, and the field of System Dynamics—were developed at the school. Several Nobel laureates in economics and John Bates Clark Medal winners have been on the faculty.\nMIT Sloan Management Review, a leading academic journal focused on the management of innovation, has been published by the school since 1959. Since 2006, the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference has attracted representatives from the MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL, MLS, and Premier League.
/m/02y74	Field hockey, or simply hockey, is a team sport of the hockey family. This sport can be played by both male and female. The game can be played on a grass field or a turf field. The game of field hockey is played between two teams of eleven players including the goalie. Short sticks made out of wood or fiber glass are used to hit a round, hard, rubber like ball. The uniform consist of shin-guards, cleats, skirts or shorts, and a jersey. At the turn of the 21st century, the game is played globally, with particular popularity throughout Western Europe, Asia, Argentina and Oceania – in addition to being the national sport of Pakistan. Hockey is assumed to be India's national sport as it is so in various Indian GK books,etc., however officially India does not have a National Sport. The term \"field hockey\" is used primarily in Canada, the United States, Eastern Europe and other regions of the world where the sport of ice hockey is more popular. In the US it has typically—but not exclusively—been considered a women's/girls' sport, while ice hockey is primarily—but not exclusively—for men/boys.\nDuring play, goal keepers are the only players who are allowed to touch the ball with any part of their body, with this only applying within the shooting circle, while field players play the ball with the flat side of their stick. The team that scores the most goals by the end of the match wins. If the score is tied at the end of the game, either a draw is declared or the game goes into extra time and/or a penalty shootout, depending on the competition's format.
/m/0pb33	Speed is a 1994 American action film directed by Jan de Bont. The film stars Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, Sandra Bullock and Jeff Daniels. A surprise critical and commercial success, it won two Academy Awards, for Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing at the 67th Academy Awards in 1995.
/m/024rgt	New Line Film Productions Inc., often simply referred to as New Line Cinema, is an American film studio. It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye as a film distribution company, later becoming an independent film studio. It became a subsidiary first of Turner Broadcasting, then Time Warner in 1996 and was merged with larger sister studio Warner Bros. in 2008.
/m/0ylsr	Corpus Christi College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1517, it is the 12th oldest college in Oxford, with an estimated financial endowment of £58m as of 2006.\nThe college, situated on Merton Street between Merton College and Oriel College, is one of the smallest in Oxford by student population, having around 230 undergraduates and 120 graduates. It is academic by Oxford standards, averaging in the top half of the university's informal ranking system, the Norrington Table, in recent years, and coming second in 2009-10.\nThe college has had for a long time a reputation as specializing and excelling in Classics, due to the emphasis placed upon this subject since its founding; to this day it takes more students to study Classics each year than any other single subject.\nThe college's historical significance includes its role in the translation of the King James Bible. The college is also noted for the pillar sundial in the main quadrangle, known as the Pelican Sundial, which was erected in 1581 by Charles Turnbull. Corpus achieved notability in more recent years when teams representing them won University Challenge on 9 May 2005 and once again on 23 February 2009, although the latter win was later disqualified.
/m/0cr3d	Brooklyn is coterminous with Kings County, which is the most populous county in New York State, and the second most densely populated county in the United States (after New York (Manhattan)).[2]Kings County was one of the original 12 counties, and Brooklyn was one\nof the original six towns within Kings County. The county was named in\nhonor of King Charles II of England.
/m/0dll_t2	This Means War is a 2012 American romantic comedy spy film directed by McG. The film stars Reese Witherspoon, Chris Pine, and Tom Hardy as victims of a love triangle in which two CIA agents who are best friends discover that they are dating the same woman.
/m/0gk4g	Myocardial infarction or acute myocardial infarction is the medical term for an event commonly known as a heart attack. It happens when blood stops flowing properly to part of the heart and the heart muscle is injured due to not receiving enough oxygen. Usually this is because one of the coronary arteries that supplies blood to the heart develops a blockage due to an unstable buildup of white blood cells, cholesterol and fat. The event is called \"acute\" if it is sudden and serious.\nA person having an acute MI usually has sudden chest pain that is felt behind the breast bone and sometimes travels to the left arm or the left side of the neck. Additionally, the person may have shortness of breath, sweating, nausea, vomiting, abnormal heartbeats, and anxiety. Women experience fewer of these symptoms than men, but usually have shortness of breath, weakness, a feeling of indigestion, and fatigue. In many cases, in some estimates as high as 64%, the person does not have chest pain or other symptoms. These are called \"silent\" myocardial infarctions.\nImportant risk factors are previous cardiovascular disease, old age, tobacco smoking, high blood levels of certain lipids and low levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, diabetes, high blood pressure, lack of physical activity, obesity, chronic kidney disease, excessive alcohol consumption, and the use of cocaine and amphetamines. The main way to determine if a person has had a myocardial infarction are electrocardiograms that trace the electrical signals in the heart and testing the blood for substances associated with damage to the heart muscle. Common blood tests are creatine kinase and troponin. ECG testing is used to differentiate between two types of myocardial infarctions based on the shape of the tracing. An ST section of the tracing higher than the baseline is called an ST elevation MI which usually requires more aggressive treatment.
/m/01nwwl	James \"Jim\" Broadbent is an English theatre, film and television actor. He is known for his roles in Iris, Moulin Rouge!, Topsy-Turvy, Bridget Jones' Diary, Hot Fuzz, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, The Iron Lady, and Cloud Atlas. He also appears in the later Harry Potter films as Horace Slughorn.\nBroadbent has also starred in the drama television film Longford, receiving the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film.
/m/01vsxdm	Marilyn Manson is an American rock band from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Formed in 1989 by frontman Marilyn Manson and Daisy Berkowitz, the group was originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids with their theatrical performances gathering a local cult following in the early 1990s. The band's lineup has changed between many of their album releases; the current members of Marilyn Manson are the eponymous lead singer, guitarist Twiggy Ramirez, bassist Fred Sablan, and touring members drummer Jason Sutter and keyboardist Spencer Rollins.\nUntil 1996, the name of each member was originally created by combining the first name of an iconic female sex symbol and the last name of an iconic serial killer. The members of the band dress in outlandish makeup and costumes, and have engaged in intentionally shocking behavior both onstage and off. In the past, their lyrics often received criticism for their anti-religious sentiment and references to sex, violence and drugs. Their performances have frequently been called offensive and obscene, and, on several occasions, protests and petitions have led to the group being banned from performing.
/m/02581q	The Grammy Award for Best Classical Crossover Album was awarded from 1999 to 2011.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. Basically, the Best Classical Crossover Album category will disappear. If a classical crossover release is a non-classical artist making a classical album it should be entered in the appropriate classical category. If the release is a classical artist making a non-classical album it should be entered in the appropriate genre category\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/02_t6d	The Liechtenstein national football team is the national football team of Liechtenstein and is controlled by the Liechtenstein Football Association. The organisation is known as the Liechtensteiner Fussballverband in German. The team's first match was an unofficial match against Malta in Seoul, a 1–1 draw in 1981. Their first official match came two years later, a 0–1 defeat from Switzerland. Liechtenstein's largest win, a 4–0 win over Luxembourg in a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifier on 13 October 2004, was both its first away win ever and its first win in any World Cup qualifier. Liechtenstein suffered its biggest ever loss in 1996, during qualification for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, with an 11–1 thrashing at the hands of Macedonia, the result also being Macedonia's largest ever win to date.\nThe team's record in competitive games was so poor it prompted British writer Charlie Connelly to follow the entire qualifying campaign for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. As recorded in the subsequent book Stamping Grounds: Liechtenstein's Quest for the World Cup, Liechtenstein lost all eight games without scoring a goal.\nLiechtenstein is the only country ever to lose to UEFA's bottom-ranked national side San Marino, with a 1–0 loss in a friendly match on 28 April 2004.
/m/024l2y	The Day After Tomorrow is a 2004 American science fiction disaster film co-written, directed, and produced by Roland Emmerich. The film depicts fictional catastrophic climatic effects in a series of extreme weather events that usher in global cooling and leads to a new ice age. The film was made in Toronto and Montreal and is the highest-grossing Hollywood film to be made in Canada.\nOriginally planned for release in the summer of 2003, The Day After Tomorrow premiered in Mexico City on May 17, 2004 and was released worldwide from May 26 to May 28 except in South Korea and Japan, where it was released June 4–5, respectively.
/m/01q7cb_	William Frederick \"Fred\" Durst is an American musician and film director from Jacksonville, Florida and spent his formative years playing in a number of local bands while mowing lawns, being a record exec and working as a tattoo artist for financial support. Durst is best known as the vocalist of the multi-platinum nu metal band Limp Bizkit, formed in 1994, with whom he has released six studio albums.\nSince 2006, Durst has also become known for his work in independent films. He costarred in the film Population 436, and made his directorial debut in 2007 with the film The Education of Charlie Banks. Durst directed a second film, The Longshots, in 2008. Durst has been ranked in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader.
/m/0gj9tn5	Ted is a 2012 American comedy film directed, co-produced, and co-written by Seth MacFarlane. It stars Mark Wahlberg, Mila Kunis, and MacFarlane, with Joel McHale and Giovanni Ribisi in supporting roles.\nThe film is MacFarlane's feature-length directorial debut, produced by Media Rights Capital and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was released on June 29, 2012, and received generally positive reviews and was a commercial success, becoming the 12th highest-grossing film of 2012, the highest-grossing R-rated film of the year, and the highest-grossing original R-rated comedy of all time. The film also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song.\nA sequel titled Ted 2 has been announced to be released on June 26, 2015 by Seth MacFarlane and Universal Studios.
/m/02wb6yq	Demetria Devonne \"Demi\" Lovato is an American recording artist, actress, and philanthropist. She made her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends. In 2008, she came to prominence as a starring cast member in the television film Camp Rock. She signed to Hollywood Records the same year, and released her debut studio album, Don't Forget, in September 2008. The album sold 89,000 copies within its first week, debuting at number 2 on the Billboard 200. It has since been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over 530,000. In 2009, Lovato was commissioned her own television series, Sonny with a Chance. That July, her second album, Here We Go Again, became her first to debut atop the U.S. Billboard 200, selling 108,000 copies in its first week and spawning the single of the same name which became her first to break the top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 15.\nAfter the release of additional television films and their accompanying soundtracks in 2010, Lovato's personal struggles sent her acting career into hiatus, and saw the closure of Sonny with a Chance after its second season. She released her third album, Unbroken, in September 2011. The album addresses several of her difficulties, notably her lead single \"Skyscraper\" which became her first single to be certified platinum by the RIAA. The second single, \"Give Your Heart a Break\", was later certified double-platinum in the United States. The album had been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. Lovato served as a judge and mentor on the American version of The X Factor from 2012 to 2013. She released fourth album, Demi, in May 2013 to critical success, selling 110,000 copies within its first week, becoming her highest opening week to date. The album was preceded by its lead single, \"Heart Attack\", that February and was certified double-platinum by the RIAA. In September 2013, Lovato announced plans to go on a North American leg of her third headlining concert tour, The Neon Lights Tour in promotion of her fourth studio album Demi. Lovato has said that her fifth studio album will be recorded in 2014 and she is hoping to release it in the same year.
/m/026g51	Outlaw country is a subgenre of country music, most popular during the late 1960s and the 1970s, sometimes referred to as the outlaw movement or simply outlaw music. The focus of the movement has been on \"outlaws\", such as Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Merle Haggard, David Allan Coe and his Eli Radish Band, Willie Nelson, Kris Kristofferson, Leon Russell, Hank Williams Jr., Townes Van Zandt, Billy Joe Shaver, Steve Earle, The reason for the movement has been attributed to a reaction to the Nashville sound, developed by record producers like Chet Atkins who softened the raw honky tonk sound that was predominant in the music of performers like Jimmie Rodgers, and his successors such as Hank Williams, George Jones and Lefty Frizzell. According to Aaron Fox, \"the fundamental opposition between law-and-order authoritarianism and the image of 'outlaw' authenticity... has structured country's discourse of masculinity since the days of Jimmie Rodgers.\"
/m/0cq8qq	How Green Was My Valley is a 1941 drama film directed by John Ford. The film, based on the 1939 Richard Llewellyn novel, was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and scripted by Philip Dunne. The film features Walter Pidgeon, Maureen O'Hara, Anna Lee, Donald Crisp, and Roddy McDowall. It was nominated for ten Academy Awards, winning five, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor.\nThe film tells of the Morgans, a close, hard-working Welsh mining family living in the heart of the South Wales Valleys in the 19th century. The story chronicles the destruction of the environment in South Wales coalfields, and the loss of a way of life and its effects on the family.
/m/086sj	Winona Ryder is an American actress. She made her film debut in the 1986 film Lucas. Ryder's first significant role, in Tim Burton's Beetlejuice, was as Lydia Deetz, a goth teenager, and won her critical and popular recognition. After various appearances in film and on television, Ryder continued her acting career with the cult film Heathers, a controversial satire of teenage suicide and high school life that drew Ryder further critical attention and commercial success. She later appeared in Mermaids, earning a Golden Globe nomination, in Burton's Edward Scissorhands, and in Francis Ford Coppola's gothic romance Bram Stoker's Dracula.\nHaving played diverse roles in many well-received films, Ryder won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and an Academy Award nomination in the same category for her role in The Age of Innocence in 1993 as well as another Academy Award nomination, as Best Actress, for Little Women the following year. She later appeared in the Generation X cult hit Reality Bites, Alien Resurrection, the Woody Allen comedy Celebrity, and Girl, Interrupted, which she also executive-produced. In 2000, Ryder received a star on the Walk of Fame in Hollywood, California.
/m/03fbc	Gorillaz is an English musical and visual project created in 1998 by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett. The project consists of Gorillaz music itself and an extensive fictional universe depicting a \"virtual band\" of cartoon characters. This band has four animated members: 2D, Murdoc Niccals, Noodle and Russel Hobbs. Their fictional universe is explored through the band's website and music videos, as well as a number of other media, such as short cartoons. The music is a collaboration between various musicians, with Albarn being the only permanent musical contributor.\nThe band's 2001 debut album Gorillaz sold over seven million copies and earned them an entry in the Guinness Book of World Records as the Most Successful Virtual Band. It was nominated for the Mercury Prize in 2001, but the nomination was later withdrawn at the band's request. The video for Clint Eastwood was also included as an easter egg in the PlayStation 2 video game MTV Music Generator 2 in May 2001. Their second studio album, Demon Days, released in 2005, went five times platinum in the UK, double platinum in the United States, earned five Grammy Award nominations for 2006 and won one of them in the Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals category. The band has won numerous other awards, including two MTV Video Music Awards, an NME Award, three MTV Europe Music Awards, and have been nominated for nine Brit Awards. The combined sales of the Gorillaz and Demon Days albums had exceeded 15 million by 2007. The band's third studio album, Plastic Beach, was released in March 2010. Their latest album, The Fall, was released in December 2010 as a free download for fan club members, then in April 2011 as a physical release. Their style is experimental and a composition of multiple musical genres, with a large number of influences including alternative, rock, hip hop, electronica, dub, reggae and pop.
/m/03twd6	The Bourne Identity is a 2002 American-German action spy film adaptation of Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name. It stars Matt Damon as Jason Bourne, suffering from extreme memory loss, attempting to discover his true identity amidst a clandestine conspiracy within the Central Intelligence Agency. The film also features Franka Potente, Chris Cooper, Clive Owen, Brian Cox and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje. This, the first in the Bourne film series, is followed by The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Ultimatum, and The Bourne Legacy.\nThe film was directed by Doug Liman and adapted for the screen by Tony Gilroy and William Blake Herron. Although Robert Ludlum died in 2001, he is credited as the film's producer alongside Frank Marshall. Universal Pictures released the film to theatres in the United States on June 14, 2002, and it received a positive critical and public reaction.
/m/03bzyn4	A New York writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her.
/m/0ffgh	Robert Sylvester Kelly, known professionally as R. Kelly, is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. A native of Chicago, Illinois, often referred to as King of R&B, Kelly began performing during the late 1980s and debuted in 1992 with the group Public Announcement. In 1993, Kelly went solo with the album 12 Play. He is known for a collection of major hit singles including \"Bump n' Grind\", \"Your Body's Callin'\", \"I Believe I Can Fly\", \"Gotham City\", \"Ignition\", \"If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time\", \"The World's Greatest\", \"I'm a Flirt\", and the hip-hopera \"Trapped in the Closet\". In 1998, Kelly won three Grammy Awards out of five nominations for \"I Believe I Can Fly\".\nKelly has written, produced, and remixed songs and albums for many artists, including Aaliyah's 1994 debut album Age Ain't Nothing But a Number. In 1996, Kelly was nominated for a Grammy for writing Michael Jackson's song \"You Are Not Alone\". In 2002 and 2004, Kelly released collaboration albums with rapper Jay-Z and has been a guest vocalist for other hip hop artists like Nas, Sean Combs, and Fat Joe.\nThe Recording Industry Association of America has recognized R. Kelly as one of the best-selling music artists in the United States with 40 million albums sold as well as only the fifth black artist to crack the top 50 of the same list. In March 2011, R. Kelly was named the most successful R&B artist of the last 25 years by Billboard. Kelly has released 12 solo studio albums, sold nearly 100 million albums worldwide making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s.
/m/02j71	Earth is the third planet from the Sun. It is the densest and fifth-largest of the eight planets in the Solar System. It is also the largest of the Solar System's four terrestrial planets. It is sometimes referred to as the world or the Blue Planet.\nEarth formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago, and life appeared on its surface within its first billion years. Earth's biosphere then significantly altered the atmospheric and other basic physical conditions, which enabled the proliferation of organisms as well as the formation of the ozone layer, which together with Earth's magnetic field blocked harmful solar radiation, and permitted formerly ocean-confined life to move safely to land. The physical properties of the Earth, as well as its geological history and orbit, have allowed life to persist.\nEarth's lithosphere is divided into several rigid segments, or tectonic plates, that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years. Over 70% percent of Earth's surface is covered with water, with the remainder consisting of continents and islands which together have many lakes and other sources of water that contribute to the hydrosphere. Earth's poles are mostly covered with ice that is the solid ice of the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice that is the polar ice packs. The planet's interior remains active, with a solid iron inner core, a liquid outer core that generates the magnetic field, and a thick layer of relatively solid mantle.
/m/05zvq6g	European Film Award for Best Actress
/m/0gj8t_b	Rock of Ages is a 2012 American romantic musical comedy film directed by Adam Shankman. The film is an adaptation of the 2006 rock jukebox Broadway musical of the same name by Chris D'Arienzo. Originally scheduled to enter production in summer 2010 for a 2011 release, it eventually started production in May 2011 and was released on June 15, 2012.\nThe film stars country singer Julianne Hough and Diego Boneta leading an ensemble cast that includes Russell Brand, Paul Giamatti, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Malin Åkerman, Mary J. Blige, Bryan Cranston, Alec Baldwin, and Tom Cruise. The film features the music of several 1980s rock artists including Def Leppard, Journey, Scorpions, Poison, Foreigner, Guns N' Roses, Pat Benatar, Joan Jett, Bon Jovi, David Lee Roth, Twisted Sister, Whitesnake, and others.
/m/05cw8	November is the eleventh month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of four months with the length of 30 days. November was the ninth month of the ancient Roman calendar. November retained its name when January and February were added to the Roman calendar. November is a month of spring in the Southern Hemisphere and autumn in the Northern Hemisphere. Therefore, November in the Southern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of May in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.\nNovember starts on the same day of the week as February in common years and March every year. November ends on the same day of the week as August every year. November starts on the same day of the week as June of the previous year in common years and September and December of the previous year in leap years. November ends on the same day of the week as March and June of the previous year in common years and September of the previous year in leap years.
/m/02c638	Mystic River is a 2003 American drama thriller film directed, co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood, starring Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden, Laura Linney and Emmy Rossum. The film was written by Brian Helgeland, based on Dennis Lehane's novel of the same name.\nThe film opened to widespread critical acclaim. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Supporting Actress and Best Supporting Actor. Sean Penn won Best Actor and Tim Robbins won Best Supporting Actor, making Mystic River the first film to win both awards since Ben-Hur in 1959.
/m/0ndwt2w	The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a 2012 epic fantasy adventure film directed by Peter Jackson. It is the first installment of a three-part film adaptation based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien. It is followed by The Desolation of Smaug and There and Back Again, and together they will act as a prequel to Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.\nThe story is set in Middle-earth sixty years before the events of The Lord of the Rings, and portions of the film are adapted from the appendices to Tolkien's The Return of the King. An Unexpected Journey tells the tale of Bilbo Baggins, who is convinced by the wizard Gandalf the Grey to accompany thirteen Dwarves, led by Thorin Oakenshield, on a quest to reclaim the Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug.\nThe film's screenplay was written by Peter Jackson, his longtime collaborators Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens, and Guillermo del Toro, who was originally chosen to direct the film before leaving the project in 2010. The ensemble cast also includes James Nesbitt, Ken Stott, Cate Blanchett, Ian Holm, Christopher Lee, Hugo Weaving, Elijah Wood and Andy Serkis, and features Sylvester McCoy, Barry Humphries and Manu Bennett.
/m/09qwmm	The following is a list of nominees and winners of the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role. The award was first given in 1994 and there are currently five nominees each year.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress.\n\"‡\" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/02x1dht	The Satellite Award for Best Original Screenplay is an annual award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/035gt8	Skidmore College is a private, independent, liberal arts college in Saratoga Springs, New York. Approximately 2,500 students are enrolled at Skidmore pursuing a Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree in one of more than 60 areas of study.
/m/016z7s	The Madness of King George is a 1994 film directed by Nicholas Hytner and adapted by Alan Bennett from his own play, The Madness of George III. It tells the true story of George III's deteriorating mental health, and his equally declining relationship with his son, the Prince of Wales, particularly focusing on the period around the Regency Crisis of 1788. Modern medicine has suggested the King's symptoms were the result of acute intermittent porphyria. Filming of the movie took place from 11 July to 9 September 1994.
/m/037q2p	The University of Detroit Mercy is a private, Roman Catholic co-educational university in Detroit, Michigan, United States, affiliated with the Society of Jesus and the Sisters of Mercy. Antoine M. Garibaldi, Ph.D., is the president. With origins dating from 1877, it is the largest Roman Catholic university in Michigan. UDM is one of the twenty-eight member Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities in the United States. Located across three campuses in Detroit, the school offers more than a hundred academic degrees and programs of study, including liberal arts, clinical psychology, business, dentistry, education, law, engineering, architecture, nursing and allied health professions. Listed below are some of the University's many distinguished alumni.\nUDM was ranked in the top tier of Midwestern regional universities in U.S. News & World Report \"America's Best Colleges\" 2014 edition and has been for over a decade. In athletics, the University sponsors 19 NCAA Division I level varsity sports for men and women, and is a member of the Horizon League. The UDM men's basketball team won the 2012 Horizon League Championship.
/m/026r8q	Matthew Raymond \"Matt\" Dillon is an American actor and film director. He began acting in the late 1970s, and gained fame as a teenage idol during the 1980s. He has appeared in films such as Little Darlings, My Bodyguard, Tex, Rumble Fish, The Outsiders, Drugstore Cowboy, Singles, Beautiful Girls, There's Something About Mary, Wild Things, Herbie: Fully Loaded, Crash,You, Me and Dupree, and Armored. In 2013, he appeared in the comedy film The Art of the Steal as an art thief alongside Kurt Russell.\nIn 1990, he won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Male Lead for Drugstore Cowboy and in 2006 won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male for Crash and the San Sebastián International Film Festival Donostia Lifetime Achievement Award. \"Crash\" won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2005. In 2011 he received the special \"Tomislav Pinter Award\" at Avvantura Festival Zadar upon his presence at the filmfestival.
/m/016tvq	The Cosby Show is an American television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, which aired for eight seasons on NBC from September 20, 1984 until April 30, 1992. The show focuses on the Huxtable family, an upper middle-class African-American family living in Brooklyn, New York.\nAccording to TV Guide, the show \"was TV's biggest hit in the 1980s, and almost single-handedly revived the sitcom genre and NBC's ratings fortunes\". Entertainment Weekly stated that The Cosby Show helped to make possible a larger variety of shows with a predominantly African-American cast, from In Living Color to The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.\nThe Cosby Show was based on comedy routines in Cosby's stand-up act, which in turn were based on his family life. The show helped inspire a number of later sitcoms starring a stand-up comedian and based around that comedian's onstage persona, including highly successful series such as Roseanne, Seinfeld, Home Improvement and Everybody Loves Raymond. The show spawned the spin-off A Different World, which ran for six seasons from 1987 to 1993.
/m/02b29	David Alan Mamet is an American playwright, essayist, screenwriter, and film director.\nAs a playwright, Mamet has won a Pulitzer Prize and received Tony nominations for Glengarry Glen Ross and Speed-the-Plow. As a screenwriter, he has received Oscar nominations for The Verdict and Wag the Dog. Mamet's books include: The Old Religion, a novel about the lynching of Leo Frank; Five Cities of Refuge: Weekly Reflections on Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, a Torah commentary with Rabbi Lawrence Kushner; The Wicked Son, a study of Jewish self-hatred and antisemitism; Bambi vs. Godzilla, a commentary on the movie business; The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture, a commentary on cultural and political issues; and Three War Stories, a trio of novellas about the physical and psychological effects of war.\nFeature films which Mamet both wrote and directed include Redbelt, The Spanish Prisoner, House of Games, Spartan, Heist, State and Main, The Winslow Boy, Oleanna, Homicide, Things Change, and most recently the 2013 HBO film Phil Spector, starring Al Pacino as Spector with Helen Mirren and Jeffrey Tambor.
/m/02qm_f	The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was the sixth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. The film's title is the name of a family of superheroes who are forced to hide their powers and live a quiet suburban life. Mr. Incredible's desire to help people draws the entire family into a battle with an evil villain and his killer robot.\nBird, who was Pixar's first outside director, developed the film as an extension of 1960s comic books and spy films from his boyhood and personal family life. He pitched the film to Pixar after the box office disappointment of his first feature, The Iron Giant, and carried over much of its staff to develop The Incredibles. The animation team was tasked with animating an all-human cast, which required creating new technology to animate detailed human anatomy, clothing and realistic skin and hair. Michael Giacchino composed the film's orchestral score.\nThe film premiered on October 27, 2004 at the BFI London Film Festival and had its general release in the United States on November 5, 2004. The film performed very well at the box office, grossing $631 million worldwide during its original theatrical run. The Incredibles was met with high critical acclaim, garnering high marks from professional critics and audiences, and provoking commentary on its themes. Many critics called it the best film of 2004, receiving the 2004 Annie Award for Best Animated Feature, along with two Academy Awards. It became the first entirely animated film to win the prestigious Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
/m/03gwpw2	The 12th Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film- and television-making in 2007, were given on December 16, 2007.
/m/0d9jr	Seattle is a coastal seaport city and the seat of King County, in the U.S. state of Washington. With an estimated 634,535 residents as of 2012, Seattle is the largest city in the Pacific Northwest region of North America and one of the fastest-growing cities in the United States. The Seattle metropolitan area of around 3.5 million inhabitants is the 15th largest metropolitan area in the United States. The city is situated on a narrow isthmus between Puget Sound and Lake Washington, about 100 miles south of the Canada–United States border. A major gateway for trade with Asia, Seattle is the 8th largest port in the United States and 9th largest in North America in terms of container handling.\nThe Seattle area had been inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers. Arthur A. Denny and his group of travelers, subsequently known as the Denny Party, arrived at Alki Point on November 13, 1851. The settlement was moved to its current site and named \"Seattle\" in 1853, after Chief Si'ahl of the local Duwamish and Suquamish tribes.\nLogging was Seattle's first major industry, but by the late 19th century the city had become a commercial and shipbuilding center as a gateway to Alaska during the Klondike Gold Rush. By 1910, Seattle was one of the 25 largest cities in the country. However, the Great Depression severely damaged the city's economy. Growth returned during and after World War II, due partially to the local Boeing company, which established Seattle as a center for aircraft manufacturing. The city developed as a technology center in the 1980s, with companies like Amazon.com, Microsoft and T-Mobile US based in the area. The stream of new software, biotechnology, and Internet companies led to an economic revival, which increased the city's population by almost 50,000 between 1990 and 2000. Since then, Seattle has become a hub for \"green\" industry and a model for sustainable development.
/m/01kv4mb	Leon Russell is an American musician and songwriter, who has recorded as a session musician, sideman, and maintained a solo career in music.
/m/05cj_j	Family Plot is a 1976 American dark comedy/thriller film that was the final film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on Victor Canning's novel The Rainbird Pattern, which was adapted for the screen by Ernest Lehman. The film stars Barbara Harris, Bruce Dern, William Devane, and Karen Black. The film was screened at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition.\nThe story involves two couples; one couple are amateur petty criminals, the other couple are smooth professionals. Their lives come into conflict because of a search for a missing heir, and surprisingly, the more amateurish couple are victorious.\nThe title of the movie is a pun: \"family plot\" can refer to an area in a cemetery that has been bought by one family for the burial of its various relatives; in this case it also means a dramatic plot line involving various family members.
/m/01shy7	Zoolander is a 2001 American comedy film directed by and starring Ben Stiller. The film contains elements from a pair of short films directed by Russell Bates and written by Drake Sather and Stiller for the VH1 Fashion Awards television specials in 1996 and 1997. The short films and the film itself feature a dimwitted male model named Derek Zoolander, played by Stiller. The film involves Zoolander becoming a pawn in a plot to assassinate the Prime Minister of Malaysia by corrupt fashion executives.
/m/01vswwx	Paul David Hewson KBE, known by his stage name Bono, is an Irish singer-songwriter, musician, venture capitalist, businessman, and philanthropist. He is best recognized as the frontman of the Dublin-based rock band U2. Bono was born and raised in Dublin, Ireland, and attended Mount Temple Comprehensive School where he met his future wife, Alison Stewart, and the future members of U2. Bono writes almost all U2 lyrics, frequently using religious, social, and political themes. During U2's early years, Bono's lyrics contributed to their rebellious and spiritual tone. As the band matured, his lyrics became inspired more by personal experiences shared with the other members.\nOutside the band, he has collaborated and recorded with numerous artists, is managing director and a managing partner of Elevation Partners, and has refurbished and owns The Clarence Hotel in Dublin with The Edge. Bono is also widely known for his activism concerning Africa, for which he co-founded DATA, EDUN, the ONE Campaign and Product Red. He has organised and played in several benefit concerts and has met with influential politicians. Bono has been praised and criticised for his activism and involvement with U2. He has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, was granted a knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, and, with Bill and Melinda Gates, was named Time Person of the Year in 2005, among other awards and nominations. On 17 July 2013, the BBC announced that Bono had been made a Commandeur of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
/m/0640y35	Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel is a 2009 American live-action comedy film directed by Betty Thomas. The film stars Zachary Levi, David Cross and Jason Lee with the voices of Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney, Amy Poehler, Anna Faris and Christina Applegate. It was written by Jon Vitti, Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger, distributed by Twentieth Century Fox, and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures, Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company. The film is a sequel to the 2007 film Alvin and the Chipmunks and was released in theaters on December 23, 2009.
/m/027kp3	Fordham University is a private, nonprofit, coeducational research university based in New York City, United States. It was founded by the Catholic Diocese of New York in 1841 as St. John's College, placed in the care of the Society of Jesus shortly thereafter, and has since become an independent institution under a lay board of trustees, which describes the University as \"in the Jesuit tradition.\"\nFordham is composed of ten constituent colleges, four of which are for undergraduates and six of which are for postgraduates. It enrolls approximately 15,000 students across three campuses in New York State: Rose Hill in the Bronx, Lincoln Center in Manhattan, and Westchester in West Harrison. In addition to these campuses, the University maintains a study abroad center in the United Kingdom and field offices in Spain and South Africa. Fordham awards the Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, and Bachelor of Fine Arts degrees, as well as various master's and doctoral degrees.\nThe 2013 edition of U.S. News and World Report lists Fordham as a \"more selective\" national university and ranks it 57th in this category. In a 1962 article entitled \"Best Catholic Colleges,\" Time Magazine included Fordham as one of 7 members of the \"Catholic Ivy League.\"
/m/01zqy6t	Stanford is a census-designated place in Santa Clara County, California, United States and is the home of Stanford University. The population was 13,809 at the 2010 census, with a daily population of 35,000.\nStanford is an unincorporated area of Santa Clara County and is adjacent to the city of Palo Alto. Stanford, California is a valid postal address, and has its own post office and ZIP codes: 94305 and 94309. A popular landmark is the Dish.\nMost of the Stanford University campus is situated within the CDP of Stanford. The Stanford University Medical Center and the Stanford Shopping Center, on the campus periphery, are counted as part of Palo Alto. Its resident population consists of the inhabitants of on-campus housing, including graduate student villages and single-family homes owned by their faculty inhabitants but located on leased Stanford land. A residential neighborhood adjacent to the Stanford campus, College Terrace, featuring streets named after universities and colleges, including Cambridge, Oxford, Harvard and Princeton, is not part of the Stanford CDP but of Palo Alto.
/m/0k0sv	Croatian is the standardized variety of the Serbo-Croatian language used by Croats, principally in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Serbian province of Vojvodina and other neighbouring countries. It is the official and literary standard of Croatia and one of the official languages of the European Union. Croatian is also one of the official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina and neighbouring countries.\nStandard Croatian is based on the most widespread dialect of Serbo-Croatian, Shtokavian, more specifically on Eastern Herzegovinian, which is also the basis of Standard Serbian, Bosnian, and Montenegrin. All other Serbo-Croatian dialects are also spoken by ethnic Croats. These four dialects, and the four national standards, are usually subsumed under the term \"Serbo-Croatian\" in English, though this term is controversial for native speakers, and paraphrases such as \"Bosnian-Croatian-Montenegrin-Serbian\" are therefore sometimes used instead, especially in diplomatic circles.\nIn the mid-18th the first attempts to provide a Croatian literary standard began on the basis of Neo-Shtokavian dialect which served as a supraregional lingua franca pushing back regional vernaculars in Chakavian, Kajkavian and Shtokavian. The decisive role was played by Croatian Vukovians which in the late 19th and the beginning of the 20th century cemented the usage of Ijekavian Neo-Shtokavian as a literary standard, as well as phonological orthography.
/m/0bxl5	The Rhodes piano is an electric piano invented by Harold Rhodes, which became particularly popular throughout the 1970s. It generates sound using keys and hammers in the same manner as an acoustic piano, but the hammers strike pieces of wound metal known as tines, which are then amplified via an electromagnetic pickup.\nThe instrument evolved from Rhodes' attempt to manufacture pianos to teach recovering soldiers during World War II under a strict budget, and development continued throughout the 1940s and 50s. Fender started marketing the Piano Bass, a cut-down version of the piano, but the full-size instrument did not appear until after the sale to CBS in 1965.\nCBS oversaw mass production of the Rhodes piano in the 1970s, and it was used extensively through the decade, particularly in jazz, pop and soul music. It fell out of fashion for a while in the mid-1980s, principally due to the emergence of polyphonic and later digital synthesizers, especially the Yamaha DX7, and partly through an inconsistent quality control in production due to cost-cutting measures. The company was eventually sold to Roland, who manufactured digital versions of the Rhodes without authorisation or approval from its inventor.
/m/0dl567	Taylor Alison Swift is an American singer-songwriter. Raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, Swift moved to Nashville, Tennessee at the age of fourteen to pursue a career in country music. She signed with the independent label Big Machine Records and became the youngest songwriter ever hired by the Sony/ATV Music publishing house. The release of Swift's self-titled debut album in 2006 established her as a country music star. \"Our Song\", her third single, made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number one song on the Hot Country Songs chart. She received a Best New Artist nomination at the 2008 Grammy Awards.\nSwift's second album, Fearless, was released in 2008. Buoyed by the pop crossover success of the singles \"Love Story\" and \"You Belong with Me\", Fearless became the best-selling album of 2009 in the US. The record won four Grammy Awards, with Swift becoming the youngest ever Album of the Year winner. Swift's third album, 2010's Speak Now, sold over one million copies in its first week of US release. The album's third single, \"Mean\", won two Grammy Awards. In 2012, Swift released her fourth album, Red. Red's opening US sales of 1.2 million were the highest recorded in a decade, with Swift becoming the only female artist to have two million-plus opening weeks. The singles \"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together\" and \"I Knew You Were Trouble\" were worldwide hits.
/m/07g1sm	The Godfather is a 1972 American crime film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and produced by Albert S. Ruddy from a screenplay by Mario Puzo and Coppola. Based on Puzo's 1969 novel of the same name, the film stars Marlon Brando and Al Pacino as the leaders of a fictional New York crime family. The story, spanning the years 1945 to 1955, centers on the transformation of Michael Corleone from reluctant family outsider to ruthless Mafia boss while also chronicling the family under the patriarch Vito Corleone.\nThe Godfather is widely regarded as one of the greatest films in world cinema—and as one of the most influential, especially in the gangster genre. Now ranked as the second greatest film in American cinema by the American Film Institute, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1990.\nThe film was for a time the highest grossing picture ever made, and remains the box office leader for 1972. It won three Oscars that year: for Best Picture, for Best Actor and in the category Best Adapted Screenplay for Puzo and Coppola. Its nominations in seven other categories included Pacino, James Caan and Robert Duvall for Best Supporting Actor and Coppola for Best Director. The success spawned two sequels: The Godfather Part II in 1974, and The Godfather Part III in 1990.
/m/02vrgnr	Hancock is a 2008 American superhero film directed by Peter Berg and starring Will Smith, Charlize Theron, Jason Bateman and Eddie Marsan. It tells the story of a vigilante superhero, John Hancock from Los Angeles whose reckless actions routinely cost the city millions of dollars. Eventually one person he saves, Ray Embrey, makes it his mission to change Hancock's public image for the better.\nThe story was originally written by Vincent Ngo in 1996. It languished in development hell for years and had various directors attached, including Tony Scott, Michael Mann, Jonathan Mostow, and Gabriele Muccino before going into production in 2007. Hancock was filmed in Los Angeles with a production budget of $150 million\nIn the United States, the film was rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America after changes were made at the organization's request in order to avoid a R rating, which it had received twice before. The film was presented and widely released on July 2, 2008 in the United States and the United Kingdom by Columbia Pictures. Hancock received mixed reviews from film critics and grossed more than $620 million in theaters worldwide.
/m/0d05q4	Iraq, officially the Republic of Iraq, is a country in Western Asia encompassing the Mesopotamian alluvial plain, the northwestern end of the Zagros mountain range, and the eastern part of the Syrian Desert.\nIraq borders Turkey to the north, Iran to the east, Kuwait to the southeast, Saudi Arabia to the south, Jordan to the southwest, and Syria to the west. Iraq has a narrow section of coastline measuring 58 km on the northern Persian Gulf. The capital city, Baghdad is in the center-east of the country. Two major rivers, the Tigris and Euphrates, run through the center of Iraq, flowing from northwest to southeast. These provide Iraq with agriculturally capable land and contrast with the steppe and desert landscape that covers most of Western Asia.\nIraq has been known by the Greek toponym 'Mesopotamia' and has been home to continuous successive civilizations since the 6th millennium BC. The region between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers is often referred to as the cradle of civilization and the birthplace of writing. At different periods in its history, Iraq was the center of the indigenous Akkadian, Sumerian, Assyrian, and Babylonian empires. It was also part of the Median, Achaemenid, Hellenistic, Parthian, Sassanid, Roman, Rashidun, Umayyad, Abbasid, Mongol, Safavid, Afsharid, and Ottoman empires, and under British control as a League of Nations mandate. Iraq is home to two of the world's holiest places among Shias: Najaf and Karbala.
/m/0qt85	Hot Springs is the eleventh-largest city in Arkansas and the county seat of Garland County. The city is located deep within the Ouachita Mountains among the U.S. Interior Highlands, and is set among several natural hot springs for which the city is named. The center of Hot Springs is the oldest federal reserve in the United States, today preserved as Hot Springs National Park. The perceived healing properties of the hot spring water were discovered centuries ago, and the waters were legendary among several Native American tribes. Following federal protection in 1832, the city developed into a successful spa town. Incorporated in January 10, 1851, the city has been home to Major League Baseball spring training, illegal gambling, speakeasies and gangsters such as Al Capone, horse racing at Oaklawn Park, the Army and Navy Hospital, and 42nd President Bill Clinton. The city contains a population of 35,193 according to the 2010 United States Census.\nToday, much of Hot Springs's history is preserved by various government entities. Hot Springs National Park is maintained by the National Park Service, including Bathhouse Row, which preserves the eight historic bathhouse buildings and gardens along Central Avenue. Downtown Hot Springs is preserved as Hot Springs Central Avenue Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The city also contains dozens of historic hotels and motor courts, built during the Great Depression in the art deco style. Due to the popularity of the thermal waters, Hot Springs benefited from rapid growth during a period when many cities saw a sharp decline in building; much like Miami's art deco districts. As a result, Hot Spring's architecture is a key part of the city's blend of cultures; including a reputation as a tourist town and a Southern city. Also a destination for the arts, Hot Springs features the Hot Springs Music Festival, Hot Springs Documentary Film Festival, and the Valley of the Vapors Independent Music Festival annually.
/m/01cqz5	Phra Bat Somdet Phra Poraminthra Maha Chulalongkorn Phra Chunla Chom Klao Chao Yu Hua, or Rama V was the fifth monarch of Siam under the House of Chakri. He was known to the Siamese of his time as Phra Phuttha Chao Luang. He is considered one of the greatest kings of Siam. His reign was characterized by the modernization of Siam, immense government and social reforms, and territorial cessions to the British Empire and French Indochina. As Siam was threatened by Western expansionism, Chulalongkorn, through his policies and acts, managed to save Siam from being colonized. All his reforms were dedicated to Siam’s insurance of survival in the midst of Western colonialism, so that Chulalongkorn earned the epithet Phra Piya Maharat.
/m/01cycq	Starship Troopers is a 1997 American military science fiction action film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Edward Neumeier, originally from an unrelated script called Bug Hunt at Outpost Nine, but eventually licensing the name Starship Troopers, from a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein. It is the only theatrically released film in the Starship Troopers franchise. The film had a budget estimated around $105 million and grossed over $121 million worldwide.\nThe story follows a young soldier named Johnny Rico and his exploits in the Mobile Infantry, a futuristic military unit. Rico's military career progresses from recruit to non-commissioned officer and finally to officer against the backdrop of an interstellar war between mankind and an insectoid species known as \"Arachnids\".\nStarship Troopers was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects at the 70th Academy Awards in 1998. Director Verhoeven says his satirical use of irony and hyperbole is \"playing with fascism or fascist imagery to point out certain aspects of American society... of course, the movie is about 'Let's all go to war and let's all die.'\"\nIn 2012, Slant Magazine ranked the film #20 on its list of the 100 Best Films of the 1990s.
/m/0f2s6	Fort Worth is the 16th-largest city in the United States of America and the fifth-largest city in the state of Texas. Located in North Central Texas, the city is a cultural gateway into the American West and covers nearly 350 square miles in Tarrant, Denton, Johnson, Parker, and Wise counties—serving as the seat for Tarrant County. According to the 2010 census, Fort Worth had a population of 741,206. The city is the second-largest in the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area.\nThe city was established in 1849 as an Army outpost on a bluff overlooking the Trinity River. Today Fort Worth still embraces its Western heritage and traditional architecture and design. USS Fort Worth is the first ship of the United States Navy named after the city.\nFort Worth is home to the Kimbell Art Museum, considered to have one of the best collections in Texas, and housed in what is widely regarded as one of Texas' foremost works of modern architecture. Also of note are the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth and the Amon Carter Museum, the latter of which houses one of the most extensive collections of American art in the world, in a building designed by Philip Johnson. The city is also home to Texas Christian University, Texas Wesleyan University, Texas A&M University School of Law, and many multinational corporations including Bell Helicopter, Lockheed Martin, American Airlines, Radio Shack, and others.
/m/01nhkxp	Linda Perry is an American rock musician, songwriter, and record producer. Once known as the lead singer and primary songwriter of 4 Non Blondes, Perry has founded two record labels, composing and producing hit songs for several other successful female singers. They include Pink, whom she mentored, and who had a Number 1 hit with Perry's \"Get the Party Started\". Others include Christina Aguilera, Gwen Stefani, Adam Lambert's \"A Loaded Smile\" and Grace Slick. Perry has also contributed heavily to albums by Courtney Love and Kelly Osbourne as well as signing and distributing James Blunt in the United States.
/m/01pcj4	Bard College, founded in 1860 as St. Stephen's College, is a private liberal arts college in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. Bard's rural main campus is located near the town of Red Hook. The campus overlooks the Hudson River and Catskill Mountains, and is within the Hudson River Historic District, a National Historic Landmark.\nThe institution consists of a liberal arts college, a conservatory, as well as 8 graduate programs offering over 20 graduate degrees in the arts and sciences. The undergraduate student-to-faculty ratio is 10:1. The college has a network of over 35 affiliated programs, institutes, and centers, spanning 12 cities, 5 states, 7 countries, and 4 continents.\nBard's Annandale campus serves as an important regional cultural institution. Both the CCS Hessel Museum of Contemporary Art and the Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts are located on campus. The college also hosts two acclaimed annual arts festivals, Bard SummerScape, and the Bard Music Festival.
/m/01x1cn2	Beverly Grace Jones is a Jamaican singer, actress and model.\nShe was born in Spanish Town, Jamaica and raised by her grandparents. When she was thirteen she and her siblings moved to her parents' home in Syracuse, New York. Jones started out as a model, initially in New York state, then in Paris, working for Yves St. Laurent, Claude Montana, and Kenzo Takada, and appearing on the covers of Elle, Vogue, and Stern working with Helmut Newton, Guy Bourdin, and Hans Feurer.\nIn 1977, Jones secured a record deal with Island Records. In 1980 Jones, with the aid of Compass Point All Stars moved into New Wave, scoring Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart, with \"Pull Up to the Bumper\", \"I've Seen That Face Before\", \"Private Life\", \"Slave to the Rhythm\" and \"I'm Not Perfect\". Her albums include Warm Leatherette, Nightclubbing and Slave to the Rhythm.\nIn America she appeared in some low-budget films in the 1970s and early 1980s. Her work as an actress in mainstream film began in the 1984 fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill. In 1986 she played a vampire in Vamp, and acted in and contributed a song to the 1992 film Boomerang with Eddie Murphy. She appeared alongside Tim Curry in the 2001 film, Wolf Girl.
/m/03x16f	Dana Welles Delany is an American film, stage, and television actress, producer, presenter, and health activist.\nDelany has been active in show business since the late 1970s. Following small roles early in her career, Delany garnered her first leading role in 1987 in the short-lived NBC sitcom Sweet Surrender and achieved wider fame in 1988–1991 as Colleen McMurphy on the ABC television show China Beach, for which she won two Emmy Awards. She received further recognition for her performances in the films Light Sleeper, Tombstone, Exit to Eden, The Margaret Sanger Story, Fly Away Home, True Women and Wide Awake. Since the mid-1990s, Delany has served on the board of the Scleroderma Research Foundation.\nIn 2000s she returned to television with a string of short-lived television series beginning with Pasadena, Presidio Med, and Kidnapped. From 2007 to 2010 Delany played Katherine Mayfair on the ABC series Desperate Housewives. From 2011 to 2013 she played the lead role of Megan Hunt on the ABC drama series Body of Proof.\nDelany is also a voice-actress. She played Lois Lane in the DC animated universe, as well as in The Batman animated series. In an interview, she said she loves to play \"complicated characters\".
/m/02sdx	Enrico Fermi was an Italian physicist, best known for his work on Chicago Pile-1, and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory, nuclear and particle physics, and statistical mechanics. He is one of the men referred to as the \"father of the atomic bomb\". Fermi held several patents related to the use of nuclear power, and was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity by neutron bombardment and the discovery of transuranic elements. He was widely regarded as one of the very few physicists to excel both theoretically and experimentally.\nFermi's first major contribution was to statistical mechanics. After Wolfgang Pauli announced his exclusion principle in 1925, Fermi followed with a paper in which he applied the principle to an ideal gas, employing a statistical formulation now known as Fermi–Dirac statistics. Today, particles that obey the exclusion principle are called \"fermions\". Later Pauli postulated the existence of an uncharged invisible particle emitted along with an electron during beta decay, to satisfy the law of conservation of energy. Fermi took up this idea, developing a model that incorporated the postulated particle, which he named the \"neutrino\". His theory, later referred to as Fermi's interaction and still later as weak interaction, described one of the four fundamental forces of nature. Through experiments inducing radioactivity with recently discovered neutrons, Fermi discovered that slow neutrons were more easily captured than fast ones, and developed the Fermi age equation to describe this. After bombarding thorium and uranium with slow neutrons, he concluded that he had created new elements; although he was awarded the Nobel Prize for this discovery, the new elements were subsequently revealed to be fission products.
/m/0fj52s	The carrot is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, red, white, and yellow varieties exist. It has a crisp texture when fresh. The most commonly eaten part of a carrot is a taproot, although the greens are sometimes eaten as well. It is a domesticated form of the wild carrot Daucus carota, native to Europe and southwestern Asia. The domestic carrot has been selectively bred for its greatly enlarged and more palatable, less woody-textured edible taproot. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations reports that world production of carrots and turnips for calendar year 2011 was almost 35.658 million tonnes. Almost half were grown in China. Carrots are widely used in many cuisines, especially in the preparation of salads, and carrot salads are a tradition in many regional cuisines.
/m/015fs3	Western Michigan University is a public university located in Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States. The university was established in 1903 by Dwight B. Waldo, and as of the Fall 2013 semester, its enrollment is 24,294.\nWMU has one of the largest aviation programs in the United States, and it is the site of the annual International Congress on Medieval Studies. The university's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Western Michigan Broncos. They compete in the Mid-American Conference for most sports.
/m/02w3w	A fiddle is any bowed string musical instrument, most often the violin. It is also a colloquial term for the instrument used by players in all genres, including classical music. Fiddle playing, or fiddling, refers to various styles of music.\nCommon distinctions between violins and fiddles reflect the differences in the instruments used to play folk and classical music. However, it is not uncommon for classically trained violinists to play folk music, and today many fiddle players have classical training. Many traditional styles are aural traditions, so are taught 'by ear' rather than with written music.
/m/03g3w	History is the study of the past, specifically how it relates to humans. It is an umbrella term that relates to past events as well as the discovery, collection, organization, and presentation of information about these events. The term includes cosmic, geologic, and organic history, but is often generically implied to mean human history. Scholars who write about history are called historians. Events occurring prior to written record are considered prehistory.\nHistory can also refer to the academic discipline which uses a narrative to examine and analyse a sequence of past events, and objectively determine the patterns of cause and effect that determine them. Historians sometimes debate the nature of history and its usefulness by discussing the study of the discipline as an end in itself and as a way of providing \"perspective\" on the problems of the present.\nStories common to a particular culture, but not supported by external sources are usually classified as cultural heritage or legends, because they do not support the \"disinterested investigation\" required of the discipline of history. Herodotus, a 5th-century BC Greek historian is considered within the Western tradition to be the \"father of history\", and, along with his contemporary Thucydides, helped form the foundations for the modern study of human history. Their work continues to be read today and the divide between the culture-focused Herodotus and the military-focused Thucydides remains a point of contention or approach in modern historical writing. In the Eastern tradition, a state chronicle the Spring and Autumn Annals was known to be compiled from as early as 722 BC although only 2nd century BC texts survived.
/m/0pz6q	The University of Freiburg, sometimes referred to with its full title, the Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg, is a public research university located in Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.\nThe university was founded in 1457 by the Habsburg dynasty as the second university in Austrian-Habsburg territory after the University of Vienna. Today, Freiburg is the fifth-oldest university in Germany, with a long tradition of teaching the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences. The university is made up of 11 faculties and attracts students from across Germany as well as from over 120 other countries. Foreign students constitute about 16% of total student numbers.\nNamed as one of elite universities of Germany by academics, political representatives and the media, the University of Freiburg stands amongst Europe's top research and teaching institutions. With its long-standing reputation of excellence, the university looks both to the past, to maintain its historic academic and cultural heritage, and to the future, developing new methods and opportunities to meet the needs of a changing world. The University of Freiburg has been home to some of the greatest minds of the Western tradition, including such eminent figures as Martin Heidegger, Hannah Arendt, Rudolf Carnap, David Daube, Johann Eck, Hans-Georg Gadamer, Friedrich Hayek, Edmund Husserl, Friedrich Meinecke, and Max Weber. In addition, 19 Nobel laureates are affiliated with the University of Freiburg and 15 academics have been honored with the highest German research prize, the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize, while working at the University of Freiburg.
/m/0rxyk	Valdosta is the county seat of Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 Census, Valdosta has a total population of 54,518, and is the 14th largest city in Georgia.\nValdosta is the principal city of the Valdosta Metropolitan Statistical Area, which in 2010, had a population of 139,588.\nValdosta is the home of Valdosta State University, a regional university in the University System of Georgia with over 13,000 students, and Valdosta High School, home to the winningest football program in the United States.\nIt is called the Azalea City as the plant grows in profusion there; the city hosts an annual Azalea Festival in March.
/m/054c1	Michael Jeffrey Jordan, also known by his initials, MJ, is an American former professional basketball player, entrepreneur, and majority owner and chairman of the Charlotte Bobcats. His biography on the National Basketball Association website states, \"By acclamation, Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time.\" Jordan was one of the most effectively marketed athletes of his generation and was considered instrumental in popularizing the NBA around the world in the 1980s and 1990s.\nAfter a three-season career at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he was a member of the Tar Heels' national championship team in 1982, Jordan joined the NBA's Chicago Bulls in 1984. He quickly emerged as a league star, entertaining crowds with his prolific scoring. His leaping ability, illustrated by performing slam dunks from the free throw line in slam dunk contests, earned him the nicknames \"Air Jordan\" and \"His Airness\". He also gained a reputation for being one of the best defensive players in basketball. In 1991, he won his first NBA championship with the Bulls, and followed that achievement with titles in 1992 and 1993, securing a \"three-peat\". Although Jordan abruptly retired from basketball before the beginning of the 1993–94 NBA season to pursue a career in baseball, he rejoined the Bulls in 1995 and led them to three additional championships in 1996, 1997, and 1998, as well as an NBA-record 72 regular-season wins in the 1995–96 NBA season. Jordan retired for a second time in 1999, but returned for two more NBA seasons from 2001 to 2003 as a member of the Washington Wizards.
/m/05bcl	Northern Ireland is a part of the United Kingdom in the north-east of the island of Ireland. It is variously described as a country, province or region of the UK, amongst other terms. Northern Ireland shares a border to the south and west with the Republic of Ireland. As of 2011, its population was 1,810,863, constituting about 30% of the island's total population and about 3% of the United Kingdom's population. Since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998, Northern Ireland is largely self-governing. According to the agreement, Northern Ireland co-operates with the rest of Ireland on some policy areas, while other areas are reserved for the Government of the United Kingdom, though the Republic of Ireland \"may put forward views and proposals\" with \"determined efforts to resolve disagreements between [the two governments]\".\nNorthern Ireland was created in 1921, when Ireland was partitioned between Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland by an act of the British parliament. Unlike Southern Ireland, which would become the Irish Free State in 1922, the majority of Northern Ireland's population were unionists or loyalists, who wanted to remain within the United Kingdom. Most of these were the Protestant descendants of colonists from Great Britain. However, a significant minority, mostly Catholics, were nationalists or republicans who wanted a united Ireland independent of British rule. Today, the former generally see themselves as British and the latter generally see themselves as Irish. Some people from both communities describe themselves as Northern Irish. Historically, Northern Ireland was marked by discrimination and hostility between these two communities in what Nobel Peace Prize-winner David Trimble called a \"cold house\" for Catholics. In the late 1960s, conflict between the two communities, and involving state forces, erupted into three decades of violence known as The Troubles, which claimed over 3,000 lives and caused over 50,000 casualties. The Good Friday Agreement in 1998 was a major step in the peace process although sectarianism and religious segregation still remain major social problems.
/m/013719	Monash University is a public university based in Melbourne, Australia. It was founded in 1958 and is the second oldest university in the State of Victoria. Monash is a member of Australia's Group of Eight and the ASAIHL, and is the only Australian member of the influential M8 Alliance of Academic Health Centers, Universities and National Academies.\nMonash enrolls approximately 45,000 undergraduate and 17,000 graduate students, making it the university with the largest student body in Australia. It also has more applicants than any university in the state of Victoria.\nMonash is home to major research facilities, including the Australian Synchrotron, the Monash Science Technology Research and Innovation Precinct, the Australian Stem Cell Centre, 100 research centres and 17 co-operative research centres. In 2011, its total revenue was over $1.5 billion, with external research income around $282 million.\nThe university has eight campuses, six of which are in Victoria, one in Malaysia, and one in South Africa. Monash also has a research and teaching centre in Prato, Italy, a graduate research school in Mumbai, India and a graduate school in Jiangsu Province, China. Since December 2011, Monash has also had a global alliance with the University of Warwick in the United Kingdom.
/m/0b_75k	The 1998 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 12, 1998, and ended with the championship game on March 30 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. A total of 63 games were played.\nThe Final Four consisted of Kentucky, making their third consecutive Final Four, Stanford, making their first appearance since their initial Final Four run in 1942, Utah, making their fourth Final Four and first since 1966, and North Carolina, who returned for a fourteenth overall time and third in four seasons.\nKentucky won the national title, its second in three seasons and seventh overall, by defeating Utah 78-69 in the championship game.\nJeff Sheppard of Kentucky was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Kentucky came back from double-digit deficits in each of its last three games in the tournament, including a 17 point second half comeback against the Blue Devils of Duke, leading to the school's fans dubbing the team the \"Comeback Cats\". This was Kentucky's third straight championship game appearance.
/m/012d40	Jackie Chan, SBS, MBE is a Hong Kong actor, action choreographer, comedian, director, producer, martial artist, screenwriter, entrepreneur, singer, and stunt performer. In his movies, he is known for his acrobatic fighting style, comic timing, use of improvised weapons, and innovative stunts. He is one of the few actors to have performed all of his film stunts. Chan has been acting since the 1960s and has appeared in over 150 films.\nChan has received stars on the Hong Kong Avenue of Stars and the Hollywood Walk of Fame. As a cultural icon, Chan has been referenced in various pop songs, cartoons, and video games. An operatically trained vocalist, Chan is also a Cantopop and Mandopop star, having released a number of albums and sung many of the theme songs for the films in which he has starred.
/m/018ndc	Dixie Chicks are an American country music band which has also crossed over into other genres. The band is composed of founding members Martie Erwin Maguire and Emily Erwin Robison, and lead singer Natalie Maines. The band formed in 1989 in Dallas, Texas, and was originally composed of four women performing bluegrass and country music, busking and touring the bluegrass festival circuits and small venues for six years without attracting a major label. After the departure of one bandmate, the replacement of their lead singer, and a slight change in their repertoire, Dixie Chicks soon achieved commercial success, beginning in 1998 with hit songs \"There's Your Trouble\" and \"Wide Open Spaces\".\nDuring a London concert ten days before the 2003 invasion of Iraq, lead vocalist Maines said, \"we don't want this war, this violence, and we're ashamed that the President of the United States is from Texas\". The positive reaction to this statement from the British audience contrasted with the boycotts that ensued in the U.S., where the band was assaulted by talk-show conservatives, while their albums were discarded in public protest.\nAs of 2012, Dixie Chicks had won 13 Grammy Awards, including five in 2007 for Taking the Long Way—which received the Grammy Award for Album of the Year—and \"Not Ready to Make Nice\", a single from that album. By May 2013, with 30.5 million certified albums sold, and sales of 27.2 million albums in the U.S. alone, they had become the top selling all-female band and biggest selling country group in the U.S. during the Nielsen SoundScan era.
/m/0bwfwpj	Super 8 is a 2011 American science fiction adventure thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by J. J. Abrams. It is also produced by Steven Spielberg. The film stars Joel Courtney, Elle Fanning, and Kyle Chandler and tells the story of a group of young teenagers who are filming their own Super 8 movie in a small town when a train derails, releasing a dangerous presence into their town. The movie was filmed in Weirton, West Virginia and surrounding areas.\nSuper 8 was released on June 10, 2011, in conventional and IMAX theaters in the US. The film was well-received with critics praising the film for its nostalgia, visual effects, musical score, and for the performances of its young actors, particularly those of Fanning and newcomer Courtney. It was also a commercial success, grossing some $260 million against a $50 million budget. The film received several awards and nominations; primarily in technical and special effects categories, as well as for Courtney and Fanning's performances as the film's two young leads.
/m/05c46y6	Precious is a 2009 American drama film, directed and co-produced by Lee Daniels. Precious is an adaptation by Geoffrey S. Fletcher of the 1996 novel Push by Sapphire. The film stars Gabourey Sidibe, Mo'Nique, Paula Patton, and Mariah Carey. This film marked the acting debut of Sidibe.\nThe film, then without a distributor, premiered to acclaim at both the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, under its original title of Push: Based on the Novel by Sapphire. At Sundance, it won the Audience Award and the Grand Jury Prize for best drama, as well as a Special Jury Prize for supporting actress Mo'Nique. After Precious' screening at Sundance in February 2009, Tyler Perry announced that he and Oprah Winfrey would be providing promotional assistance to the film, which was released through Lionsgate Entertainment. Precious won the People's Choice Award at the Toronto International Film Festival in September. The film's title was changed from Push to Precious: Based on the Novel \"Push\" by Sapphire, to avoid confusion with the 2009 action film Push. Precious was also an official selection at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival.
/m/01y8zd	McMaster University is a public research university whose main campus is located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 121 hectares of land in the residential neighbourhood of Westdale, adjacent to Hamilton's Royal Botanical Gardens. The university operates six academic faculties: the DeGroote School of Business, Engineering, Health Sciences, Humanities, Social Science, and Science. It is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.\nThe university bears the name of Honourable William McMaster, a prominent Canadian Senator and banker who bequeathed C$900,000 to the founding of the university. McMaster University was incorporated under the terms of an act of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1887, merging the Toronto Baptist College with Woodstock College. It opened in Toronto in 1890. Inadequate facilities and the gift of land in Hamilton prompted the institution to relocate in 1930. McMaster was controlled by the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec until it became a privately chartered, publicly funded non-denominational institution in 1957.\nThe university is co-educational, and has over 24,500 undergraduate and nearly 4,000 post-graduate students. Alumni and former students of the university can be found all across Canada and in 140 countries around the world. Notable alumni include government officials, academics, business leaders and two Nobel laureates. The university ranked 92nd in the 2013-2014 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, 92nd in the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities, and 140th in the 2013 QS World University Rankings. The McMaster athletic teams are known as the Marauders, and are members of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
/m/0jn5l	Mark Allen Mothersbaugh is an American musician, composer, singer and painter. He is the co-founder of the new wave band Devo and has been its lead singer since 1972. His other musical projects include work for television series, films, and video games.
/m/05hz6_	Rio Ave Futebol Clube, commonly known as Rio Ave, is a Portuguese football club based in Vila do Conde, northern Portugal. The club is named after the Ave River, which empties into the Atlantic Ocean at the town.\nFounded in 1939, it currently plays in the first division, holding home games at Estádio do Rio Ave FC – also known as Estádio dos Arcos – a multi-use stadium used mostly for football matches, seating approximately 12,815 people and built in 1985.\nThe club's colours are a striped green and white shirt with white shorts and socks, while the away one is a striped red and white shirt and white shorts with yellow socks. Portuguese internationals Alfredo, Paulinho Santos, Quim, Rui Jorge and Fábio Coentrão started their careers at the club.\nThe Vilacondenses reached the 1984 Taça de Portugal Final, where they lost to Porto.
/m/02km0m	Trinity University is a private, primarily undergraduate, liberal arts college in San Antonio, Texas, USA. Founded in 1869, its campus is located in the Monte Vista Historic District and adjacent to Brackenridge Park. The student body consists of over 2,245 undergraduate and 200 graduate students, and the university awarded 572 undergraduate degrees in 2012-2013. Trinity offers 42 majors and 57 minors among 6 degree programs and has an endowment of $1 billion, which permits it to provide resources typically associated with much larger colleges and universities.\nTrinity is a member institution of the Annapolis Group, a consortium of leading national independent liberal arts colleges that share a commitment to liberal arts values and education; and is a member of the Associated Colleges of the South.
/m/04rsd2	Andrew Lincoln is an English actor. He first became known for playing the role of Egg in the BBC drama This Life, followed by other roles such as Simon in the Channel 4 sitcom Teachers and Mark in the British romantic comedy Love Actually. He is now best-known for his portrayal of the character Rick Grimes in the AMC television series The Walking Dead.
/m/02bqmq	The One Hundred Third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1993 to January 3, 1995, during the first two years of Bill Clinton's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/016t_3	A master's degree is an academic degree granted to individuals who have undergone study demonstrating a mastery or high-order overview of a specific field of study or area of professional practice. Within the area studied, graduates are posited to possess advanced knowledge of a specialized body of theoretical and applied topics; high order skills in analysis, critical evaluation or professional application; and the ability to solve complex problems and think rigorously and independently. The degree is awarded upon graduation from a university.
/m/0lpk3	Utica is a city in the Mohawk Valley and the county seat of Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 62,235 at the 2010 census, an increase of 2.6% from the 2000 census due largely to a large immigrant refugee influx.\nUtica and the neighboring city of Rome are principal cities of the Utica–Rome, New York Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Oneida and Herkimer counties.
/m/0pmhf	Denzel Hayes Washington, Jr. is an American actor, film director, and film producer. He has received much critical acclaim for his work in film since the 1990s, including for his portrayals of real-life figures such as Steve Biko, Malcolm X, Rubin \"Hurricane\" Carter, Melvin B. Tolson, Frank Lucas, and Herman Boone. Washington is a featured actor in the films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and was a frequent collaborator of the late director Tony Scott.\nWashington has received two Golden Globe awards and a Tony Award, and two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Glory and Best Actor for Training Day.
/m/013cr	Albert Lawrence Brooks is an American actor, voice actor, writer, comedian, and director. He received an Academy Award nomination in 1987 for his role in Broadcast News. His voice acting credits include Marlin the clownfish in Finding Nemo, and recurring guest voices for the animated television series The Simpsons, including Russ Cargill in The Simpsons Movie. Additionally, he has written, directed and starred in several comedy films such as Modern Romance, Lost in America and Defending Your Life and is the author of the satire, 2030: The Real Story of What Happens to America.
/m/0cn_b8	The Cat in the Hat is a 2003 American fantasy comedy film directed by Bo Welch based on the 1957 Dr. Seuss book The Cat in the Hat. The film stars Mike Myers in the title role of the Cat in the Hat, and Dakota Fanning as Sally. Sally's brother, is in this version named Conrad and portrayed by Spencer Breslin. The Cat in the Hat is the second feature-length Dr. Seuss adaptation after the 2000 holiday film How the Grinch Stole Christmas.\nThe idea was originally conceived in 2003, when Tim Allen was initially cast as the Cat, but he dropped his role due to work on The Santa Clause 2, and the role was later given to Mike Myers. Filming took place in California for three months. While the basic plot parallels that of the book, the film filled out its 82 minutes by adding new subplots and characters quite different from those of the original story, similar to the feature film adaptation of How the Grinch Stole Christmas.\nThe Cat in the Hat was released on November 21, 2003 to negative reviews. Observers criticized the film for its approach to mature content and sexual innuendo. After this, Dr. Seuss's widow Audrey Geisel vowed not to allow any further live-action adaptations of Seuss' work and Universal cancelled the unproduced The Cat in the Hat Comes Back based on book of the same name. In 2012, a CGI-animated reboot of the film has been announced.
/m/02g_6j	A linebacker is a position in American football that was invented by football coach Fielding H. Yost of the University of Michigan, with Germany Schulz being his first linebacker in 1905. Linebackers are members of the defensive team, and line up approximately three to five yards behind the line of scrimmage, behind the defensive linemen. Linebackers generally align themselves before the ball is snapped by standing upright in a \"two point stance\". The goal of the linebacker is to provide either extra run protection or extra pass protection based on the particular defensive play being run.
/m/0pz91	Adam Richard Sandler is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and film producer. After becoming a Saturday Night Live cast member, Sandler went on to star in many Hollywood feature films that combined have grossed over $2 billion at the box office. He is best known for his comedic roles, such as in the films Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, The Waterboy, Big Daddy, and Mr. Deeds, though he has ventured into more dramatic territory with his roles in Punch-Drunk Love, Reign Over Me, and Funny People. In 1999, Sandler founded Happy Madison Productions, a film and television production company that has produced numerous films and developed the 2007 television series Rules of Engagement. He is estimated to have a net worth of $300 million.
/m/0gvt53w	The Master is a 2012 American drama film written, directed, and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Joaquin Phoenix, Philip Seymour Hoffman, and Amy Adams. It tells the story of Freddie Quell, a World War II veteran struggling to adjust to a post-war society who meets Lancaster Dodd, a leader of a religious movement known as \"The Cause,\" who sees something in Quell and accepts him into the movement. Freddie takes a liking to \"The Cause\" and begins traveling with Dodd along the East Coast to spread the teachings.\nIt was produced by Annapurna Pictures and Ghoulardi Film Company and distributed by The Weinstein Company. With a budget of $30 million, filming began in June 2011. Cinematography was provided by Mihai Mălaimare, Jr., Jonny Greenwood composed the score, and Leslie Jones and Peter McNulty worked as editors. The film was partly inspired by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, but also used early drafts of There Will Be Blood, stories Jason Robards had told Anderson about his drinking days in the Navy during the war, and the life story of John Steinbeck. The Master was shot almost entirely on 65 mm film stock, making it the first feature length fiction film to be shot and released in 70 mm since Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet in 1996.
/m/048wrb	Stephen James Merchant is an English writer, director, radio presenter, comedian, and actor. He is best known for his collaborations with Ricky Gervais, as the co-writer and co-director of the popular British sitcom The Office, as the co-writer, co-director and a co-star of Extras, and as the co-host of The Ricky Gervais Show in its radio, podcast, audiobook and television-show forms. The Ricky Gervais Show in radio form won a bronze Sony Award.\nMerchant appeared in the BBC TV series Life's Too Short which he co-wrote and co-directed. He also voiced the character Wheatley in the popular 2011 video game Portal 2, co-developed the Sky1 travel series An Idiot Abroad, and performs as a stand-up comedian. He has won three BAFTA Awards, four British Comedy Awards, two Golden Globes and an Emmy Award. Merchant's latest role is Stuart on a show he writes and directs, called Hello Ladies.
/m/035s95	The Newton Boys is a 1998 American drama film based on the true story of the Newton Gang, a family of bank robbers from Uvalde, Texas. The film stars Matthew McConaughey, Skeet Ulrich, Ethan Hawke, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Dwight Yoakam. It was filmed in Austin, Bartlett, New Braunfels, and San Antonio, Texas.
/m/0bczgm	Michael Herbert Schur is an American television producer and writer, best known for his work on the NBC comedy series The Office and Parks and Recreation, the latter of which he co-created along with Greg Daniels. Schur is also known for his small role on The Office as Mose Schrute, the cousin of Dwight Schrute.
/m/09sb52	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in film.
/m/01d6g	The Baltimore Orioles are a professional baseball team based in Baltimore, Maryland in the United States. They are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's American League. One of the American League's eight charter franchises in 1901, it spent its first year as a major league club in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the Milwaukee Brewers before moving to St. Louis to become the St. Louis Browns. After 52 often beleaguered years in St. Louis, the Browns moved to Baltimore in 1954 and adopted the Orioles name in honor of the official state bird of Maryland. The Orioles name had been used by previous major league baseball clubs in Baltimore, including the American League Baltimore Orioles franchise from 1901 to 1902 that became the New York Yankees and the National League Baltimore Orioles. Nicknames for the team include the O's and the Birds.\nThe Orioles experienced their greatest success from 1964 to 1983, as well as the mid-1990s, and have won a total of eight Division Championships, six pennants, three World Series Championships, two wild card berths, and five Most Valuable Player awards.
/m/0mz73	Hilary Ann Swank is an American actress. She has won the Academy Award for Best Actress twice, for playing Brandon Teena in Boys Don't Cry and a struggling waitress-turned-boxer Maggie Fitzgerald in Million Dollar Baby. Swank is also known for her roles in Insomnia, The Reaping and P.S. I Love You.
/m/073h1t	The 66th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored films released in 1993 and took place on March 21, 1994, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the first time. Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California on February 26, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Laura Dern.\nSchindler's List won seven awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Steven Spielberg. Other winners included Jurassic Park and The Piano with three awards each, Philadelphia with two awards, and The Age of Innocence, Belle Epoque, Defending Our Lives, The Fugitive, I Am a Promise: The Children of Stanton Elementary School, Mrs. Doubtfire, Schwarzfahrer and Wallace & Gromit in The Wrong Trousers with one. The telecast was watched by more than 46 million viewers in the United States.
/m/026dcvf	Christopher Whitesell is an American television soap opera writer. He has served as either co-head writer, associate head writer, or a breakdown writer on the shows he's worked on. In April 2012, he was named co-head writer of Days of Our Lives with Gary Tomlin, replacing Marlene Clark McPherson and Darrell Ray Thomas who had been let go.
/m/0517bc	Emma Rose Roberts is an American actress, model and singer. She rose to prominence with her role as Addie Singer in the Nickelodeon television series Unfabulous. She subsequently released her debut album, which also served as the show's soundtrack, Unfabulous and More. After Unfabulous ended, Roberts shifted focus to roles in films, first starring in the film Aquamarine and later as the title character in the 2007 film Nancy Drew. Looking for more mature roles, Roberts appeared in the 2009 drama Lymelife and went on to several more films, often in leading roles. She was part of the acting ensemble with her aunt Julia Roberts in the 2010 film Valentine's Day. In her 2013 return to television, she took on the role of Madison Montgomery in American Horror Story: Coven, the third season of the American Horror Story series.
/m/040rmy	Bad Education is a 2004 Spanish drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar. Starring Gael García Bernal, Fele Martínez, Daniel Giménez Cacho and Lluís Homar, the film focuses on two reunited childhood friends and lovers caught up in a stylised murder mystery. Along with metafiction, sexual abuse by Catholic priests, transsexuality and drug use are also important themes and devices in the plot, which led the MPAA to give the film an NC-17 rating.\nThe film was released on 19 March 2004 in Spain and 10 September 2004 in Mexico. It was also screened at many international film festivals such as Cannes, New York, Moscow and Toronto before its US release on November 19, 2004.\nThe film received excellent reviews, and was seen as a return to Almodovar's dark stage, placing it alongside films such as Matador and Law of Desire.
/m/0gtvpkw	To Rome with Love is a 2012 magical realist romantic comedy film written and directed by and starring Woody Allen in his first acting appearance since 2006. The film is set in Rome, Italy; it was released in Italian theaters on April 13, 2012, and opened in Los Angeles and New York City on June 22, 2012.\nThe film features an ensemble cast, and Allen himself. The story is told in four separate vignettes: a clerk who wakes up to find himself a celebrity, an architect who takes a trip back to the street he lived on as a student, a young couple on their honeymoon, and an Italian funeral director whose uncanny singing ability enraptures his soon to be in-law, an American opera director.
/m/01dhjz	Keith Jarrett is an American pianist and composer who performs both jazz and classical music.\nJarrett started his career with Art Blakey, moving on to play with Charles Lloyd and Miles Davis. Since the early 1970s he has enjoyed a great deal of success as a group leader and a solo performer in jazz, jazz fusion, and classical music. His improvisations draw from the traditions of jazz and other genres, especially Western classical music, gospel, blues, and ethnic folk music.\nIn 2003, Jarrett received the Polar Music Prize, the first recipient not to share the prize with a co-recipient, and in 2004 he received the Léonie Sonning Music Prize.\nIn 2008, he was inducted into the Down Beat Hall of Fame in the magazine's 73rd Annual Readers' Poll.
/m/02gvwz	Shaun Mark \"Sean\" Bean is an English film, television, theatre and voice actor. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.\nBean first found success for his portrayal of Richard Sharpe in the ITV television series Sharpe. He has since garnered further recognition for his performances in the HBO epic fantasy series Game of Thrones, the BBC anthology series Accused and the ITV historical drama Henry VIII. His most prominent film role was in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy as Boromir. Other notable roles include Alec Trevelyan in the James Bond film GoldenEye and Odysseus in Troy as well as Patriot Games, Ronin, National Treasure, North Country, The Island and Black Death. He will also co-star in the upcoming science fiction film Jupiter Ascending. As a voice artist he has featured in the video game The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion and the drama The Canterbury Tales among several others.\nBean has received several honours throughout his career and has won an International Emmy for Best Actor. He has also been nominated for a BAFTA and Saturn Award.
/m/01540	Biology is a natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, evolution, distribution, and taxonomy. Modern biology is a vast and eclectic field, composed of many branches and subdisciplines. However, despite the broad scope of biology, there are certain general and unifying concepts within it that govern all study and research, consolidating it into single, coherent field. In general, biology recognizes the cell as the basic unit of life, genes as the basic unit of heredity, and evolution as the engine that propels the synthesis and creation of new species. It is also understood today that all organisms survive by consuming and transforming energy and by regulating their internal environment to maintain a stable and vital condition.\nSubdisciplines of biology are defined by the scale at which organisms are studied, the kinds of organisms studied, and the methods used to study them: Biochemistry examines the rudimentary chemistry of life; molecular biology studies the complex interactions among biological molecules; botany studies the biology of plants; cellular biology examines the basic building-block of all life, the cell; physiology examines the physical and chemical functions of tissues, organs, and organ systems of an organism; evolutionary biology examines the processes that produced the diversity of life; and ecology examines how organisms interact in their environment.
/m/03d8m4	The Paraguay national football team is controlled by the Paraguayan Football Association and represents Paraguay in men's international football competitions. The team has reached the second round of the World Cup on four occasions. The 2010 trip also featured their first appearance in the quarterfinals. Paraguay's only major tournament victories have come in the Copa América, in which they triumphed in 1953 and in 1979.\nSouth Africa 2010 was Paraguay's fourth consecutive trip to the World Cup final tournament, having previously qualified for the final at France 1998, Korea/Japan 2002, and Germany 2006. However, after a poor qualifying campaign, Paraguay failed to qualify for Brazil 2014, missing out on the chance to play in a World Cup hosted on their own continent.
/m/02pzxlw	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 6th Daytime Emmy Awards in 1979 and is given to honor an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the daytime drama industry. The awards ceremony was not aired on television in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for voting integrity. Following the introduction of a new category in 1985, Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series, one criterion for this category was altered, requiring all actresses to be aged 26 or above.\nJulie Marie Berman is the 2013 recipient of the award for her portrayal for Lulu Spencer on General Hospital; the soap opera is the show with the most awarded actresses, with a total of eight. The award was first presented to Suzanne Rogers for her portrayal of Maggie Horton on Days of our Lives. In 1989, Nancy Lee Grahn and Debbi Morgan made Daytime Emmy Award history when they tied in this category. Julia Barr, Grahn and Gina Tognoni are the only actresses to have won the award twice. Heather Tom has the most nominations in this category, with a total of five.
/m/01snvb	In American football, a lineman is a player who specializes in play at the line of scrimmage. The linemen of the team currently in possession of the ball are the offensive line, while linemen on the opposing team are the defensive line. A number of NFL rules specifically address restrictions and requirements for the offensive line. The defensive line is covered by the same rules that apply to all defensive players. Linemen are usually the largest players on the field in both height and weight, since their positions usually require less running and more strength than skill positions.
/m/014635	Samuel Langhorne Clemens, better known by his pen name Mark Twain, was an American author and humorist. He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and its sequel, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, the latter often called \"the Great American Novel.\"\nTwain grew up in Hannibal, Missouri, which provided the setting for Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer. After an apprenticeship with a printer, he worked as a typesetter and contributed articles to the newspaper of his older brother Orion Clemens. He later became a riverboat pilot on the Mississippi River before heading west to join Orion in Nevada. He referred humorously to his singular lack of success at mining, turning to journalism for the Virginia City Territorial Enterprise. In 1865, his humorous story, \"The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County,\" was published, based on a story he heard at Angels Hotel in Angels Camp California where he had spent some time as a miner. The short story brought international attention, and was even translated into classic Greek. His wit and satire, in prose and in speech, earned praise from critics and peers, and he was a friend to presidents, artists, industrialists, and European royalty.
/m/017yfz	Gilbert \"Gil\" Scott-Heron was an American soul and jazz poet, musician, and author, known primarily for his work as a spoken word performer in the 1970s and '80s. His collaborative efforts with musician Brian Jackson featured a musical fusion of jazz, blues, and soul, as well as lyrical content concerning social and political issues of the time, delivered in both rapping and melismatic vocal styles by Scott-Heron. His own term for himself was \"bluesologist\", which he defined as \"a scientist who is concerned with the origin of the blues.\" His music, most notably on Pieces of a Man and Winter in America in the early 1970s, influenced and helped engender later African-American music genres such as hip hop and neo soul.\nBesides influencing contemporary musicians, Scott-Heron remained active until his death, and in 2010 released his first new album in 16 years, entitled I'm New Here. A memoir he had been working on for years up to the time of his death, The Last Holiday, was also published, posthumously in January 2012.\nHis recording work received much critical acclaim, especially one of his best-known compositions \"The Revolution Will Not Be Televised\". His poetic style has influenced every generation of hip hop.
/m/026kqs9	The 28th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1970 films, were held on February 5, 1971.
/m/0154j	Belgium, officially the Kingdom of Belgium, is a federal monarchy in Western Europe. It is a founding member of the European Union and hosts the EU's headquarters as well as those of several other major international organisations such as NATO. Belgium covers an area of 30,528 square kilometres, and it has a population of about 11 million people.\nStraddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe, Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups: the Dutch-speaking, mostly Flemish community, and the French-speaking, mostly Walloon population. Additionally, there is a small group of German-speakers that are officially recognized. Belgium's two largest regions are the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders in the north and the French-speaking southern region of Wallonia. The Brussels-Capital Region, officially bilingual, is a mostly French-speaking enclave within the Flemish Region. A German-speaking Community exists in eastern Wallonia. Belgium's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of government.
/m/01hcj2	Christina Applegate is an American film, television and stage actress who gained fame as a child actor, playing the role of Kelly Bundy on the Fox sitcom Married... with Children for the series' duration, from 1987 to 1997. In her adult years, Applegate established a film and television career, winning an Emmy and earning Tony and Golden Globe nominations.\nShe has had major roles in several films, including Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead, The Big Hit, The Sweetest Thing, Grand Theft Parsons, Anchorman and Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues, Farce of the Penguins, Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel and Hall Pass. She has also starred in numerous Broadway theatre productions such as the 2005 revival of the musical Sweet Charity. She also played the lead role in the sitcoms Jesse and Samantha Who? and starred in the NBC comedy Up All Night before leaving over the creative direction of the series, which was canceled shortly afterward.
/m/08vd2q	Sunday Bloody Sunday is a 1971 British drama film written by Penelope Gilliatt, directed by John Schlesinger and starring Murray Head, Glenda Jackson and Peter Finch. It tells the story of a free-spirited young bisexual artist and his simultaneous relationships with a female recruitment consultant and a male Jewish doctor.\nThe film is significant for its time in that Finch's homosexual character is depicted as successful and relatively well-adjusted, and not particularly upset by his sexuality. In this sense, Sunday Bloody Sunday was a considerable departure from Schlesinger's previous film Midnight Cowboy, which had portrayed its gay characters as alienated and self-loathing.\nThe film was released before the 1972 shooting by the British Army of unarmed protesters in Derry, Northern Ireland, an event dubbed \"Bloody Sunday.\"
/m/02q6gfp	La Vie en Rose, is a 2007 French biographical film about the life of French singer Édith Piaf co-written, and directed by Olivier Dahan. Marion Cotillard stars as Piaf. The title La Vie en Rose comes from Piaf's signature song. The film won five Césars, including one for Best Actress, and Cotillard won an Academy Award for her performance, marking the first time an Oscar had been given for a French-language role. She is also the first French actress to win a Comedy or Musical Golden Globe for a foreign language role. La Vie en Rose became one of the only French films to win more than one Oscar; the other being for Makeup.
/m/01tffp	The Lebanese Civil War was a multifaceted civil war in Lebanon, lasting from 1975 to 1990 and resulting in an estimated 120,000 fatalities. Today approximately 76,000 people remain displaced within Lebanon. There was also a mass exodus of almost one million people from Lebanon as a result of the war.\nBefore the war, Lebanon was multisectarian, with Sunnis dominating the coasts, Shias dominating the south, while the government of Lebanon had been dominated by Maronite Christians. The link between politics and religion had been reinforced under the mandate of the French colonial powers from 1920 to 1943, and the parliamentary structure favoured a leading position for the Christians. However, the country had a large Muslim population and many pan-Arabist and Left Wing groups which opposed the pro-western government. The establishment of the state of Israel and the displacement of a hundred thousand Palestinian refugees to Lebanon changed the demographic balance in favour of the Muslim population. The Cold War had a powerful disintegrative effect on Lebanon, which was closely linked to the polarization that preceded the 1958 political crisis, since Maronites sided with the West while Left Wing and pan-Arab groups sided with Soviet aligned Arab countries.
/m/02vtnf	Stanley Donen is an American film director and choreographer whose most celebrated works are Singin' in the Rain and On the Town, both of which he co-directed with actor and dancer Gene Kelly. His other noteworthy films include Royal Wedding, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Funny Face, Indiscreet, Damn Yankees!, Charade, and Two for the Road. He received an Honorary Academy Award in 1998 for his body of work and a Career Golden Lion from the Venice Film Festival in 2004. He was hailed by film critic David Quinlan as \"the King of the Hollywood musicals\". Donen married five times and had three children. His current long term partner is film director and comedian Elaine May.\nHe began his career in the chorus line on Broadway for director George Abbott, where he befriended Kelly. In 1943 he went to Hollywood and worked as a choreographer before he and Kelly made On the Town in 1949. He then worked as a contract director for MGM under producer Arthur Freed producing hit films amid critical acclaim, both as a solo director and with Kelly. In 1952 Donen and Kelly co-directed the musical Singin' in the Rain, regarded as one of the greatest films ever made. Donen's relationship with Kelly deteriorated in 1955 during their final collaboration on It's Always Fair Weather. He then broke his contract with MGM to become an independent producer in 1957. As musicals began to lose public appeal, Donen switched to comedies. He continued to make hit films until the late 1960s, after which his career slowed down. He briefly returned to the stage as a director in the 1990s and again in 2002.
/m/01fwf1	Susannah York was an English film, stage and television actress. She was awarded a BAFTA as Best Supporting Actress for They Shoot Horses, Don't They? and was nominated for an Oscar and Golden Globe for the same film. She won best actress for Images at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. In 1991 she was appointed an Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. Her appearances in various hit films of the 1960s formed the basis of her international reputation, and an obituary in The Telegraph characterised her as \"the blue-eyed English rose with the china-white skin and cupid lips who epitomised the sensuality of the swinging Sixties\".
/m/06q2q	A scientist, in a broad sense, is one engaging in a systematic activity to acquire knowledge. In a more restricted sense, a scientist is an individual who uses the scientific method. The person may be an expert in one or more areas of science. This article focuses on the more restricted use of the word. Scientists perform research toward a more comprehensive understanding of nature, including physical, mathematical and social realms.\nPhilosophy can be seen as a distinct activity, which is aimed towards a more comprehensive understanding of intangible aspects of reality and experience that cannot be physically measured.\nScientists are also distinct from engineers, those who design, build and maintain devices for particular situations. When science is done with a goal toward practical utility, it is called applied science. An applied scientist may not be designing something in particular, but rather is conducting research with the aim of developing new technologies and practical methods. When science is done with an inclusion of intangible aspects of reality it is called natural philosophy.
/m/015cjr	A presenter, host, or hostess, is a person or organization responsible for the running of a public event. A museum or university, for example, may be the presenter or host of an exhibit. In films, a presenter is a usually well-known executive producer credited with introducing a film or filmmaker to a larger audience.\nIn broadcast media a presenter is, especially in British English, the person who hosts, narrates, or otherwise takes the main role in presenting a radio or television programme.\nA person who hosts or presents other kinds of public entertainment may also be known as a master of ceremonies.
/m/025mbn	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement has been awarded since 1963. The award is presented to the arranger of the music. Only songs or tracks are eligible, no longer works. The performing artist does not receive a Grammy, except if he/she is also the arranger.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nFrom 1963 to 1981 the award was known as Best Instrumental Arrangement\nFrom 1982 to 1983 it was awarded as Best Arrangement on an Instrumental Recording\nFrom 1984 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Arrangement on an Instrumental\nFrom 1995 to the present it has again been awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/04w_7	May is the fifth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of seven months with the length of 31 days.\nMay is a month of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere and spring in the Northern Hemisphere. Therefore May in the Southern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of November in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa. May is the fourth hottest month of the year, and the fourth rainiest month of the year.\nNo other month begins or ends on the same day of the week as May in any year. This month is the only month to have these two properties. However, May does share starting and ending days with various months of both previous and following years: every year, May starts and ends on the same day of the week as January of the following year.\nAdditionally, in years immediately before common years, May also starts and ends on the same day of the week as October of the following year. In years immediately before leap years, May starts on the same day of the week as April of the following year; it also both starts and ends on the same day of the week as July of the following year.\nIn a common year, May both starts and ends on the same day of the week as August of the previous year; it also ends on the same day of the week as November of the previous year. In a leap year, May both starts and ends on the same day of the week as March of the previous year; it also starts on the same day of the week as November and ends on the same day of the week as June, both of the previous year.
/m/06b_j	Russian is a Slavic language spoken primarily in the Russian Federation, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan. It is an unofficial but widely spoken language in Ukraine, Moldova, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, and to a lesser extent, the other countries that were once constituent republics of the Soviet Union and former participants of the Eastern Bloc. Russian belongs to the family of Indo-European languages and is one of the three living members of the East Slavic languages. Written examples of Old East Slavonic are attested from the 10th century onwards.\nIt is the most geographically widespread language of Eurasia and the most widely spoken of the Slavic languages. It is also the largest native language in Europe, with 144 million native speakers in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus. Russian is the 8th most spoken language in the world by number of native speakers and the 5th by total number of speakers. The language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations.\nRussian distinguishes between consonant phonemes with palatal secondary articulation and those without, the so-called soft and hard sounds. This distinction is found between pairs of almost all consonants and is one of the most distinguishing features of the language. Another important aspect is the reduction of unstressed vowels. Stress, which is unpredictable, is not normally indicated orthographically though an optional acute accent may be used to mark stress.
/m/03_3d	Japan is an island nation in East Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, it lies to the east of the Sea of Japan, China, North Korea, South Korea and Russia, stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Taiwan in the south. The characters that make up Japan's name mean \"sun-origin\", which is why the country is sometimes referred to as the \"Land of the Rising Sun\". Japan is an archipelago of 6,852 islands, the four largest being Honshu, Hokkaido, Kyushu and Shikoku. Together, these four islands hold about 97 percent of the country's land area. Japan has the world's tenth-largest population, with more than 126 million people. Honshū's Greater Tokyo Area includes the de facto capital city of Tokyo and several surrounding prefectures. It is the largest metropolitan area in the world, with more than 30 million residents.\nArchaeological research indicates that people lived in Japan as early as the Upper Paleolithic period. The first written mention of Japan is found in Chinese texts from the 1st century AD. Influence from other nations followed by long periods of isolation has characterized Japan's history. Japan evolved into a cohesive society during the Heian period. From the 12th century until 1868, Japan was ruled by successive feudal military dictatorships or shogunates in the name of the Emperor. In the early 17th century, Japan entered into a long period of isolation, which was only ended in 1853 when a United States fleet pressured Japan to open to the West. Nearly two decades of internal conflict and insurrection followed before the Meiji Emperor was restored as head of state in 1868 and the Empire of Japan was proclaimed, with the Emperor enshrined as a divine symbol of the nation.
/m/02j62	Economics is the social science that studies the behavior of individuals, groups, and organizations, when they manage or use scarce resources, which have alternative uses, to achieve desired ends. Agents are assumed to act rational, have multiple ends in sights, limited resources to obtain them, a set of stable preferences, a definite overall guiding objective, and the capability of making a choice. There exist an economic problem, subject of study of the economic science, when a decision has to be made by one or more resources controlling players, to attain the best possible outcome under bounded rational conditions, in other words, to maximize value subject to the constrains imposed by the information the agents have, the cognitive limitations of their minds, and the finite amount of time they have to take a decision. So, the science centers on the activities of the economic agents that comprise society. They are the focus of economic analysis.\nEconomics traditional concern is to gain an understanding of the processes that govern the production, distribution and consumption of good and services in an exchange economy.Through the study of agent behavior under scarcity, one approach may go as follows:
/m/0b13yt	In American football, a dimeback is a cornerback who serves as the sixth defensive back on defense. The third cornerback on defense is known as a nickelback. The dimeback position is essentially relegated to backup cornerbacks who do not play starting cornerback positions. Dimebacks are usually fast players because they must be able to keep up on passing plays with 3+ wide receivers.\nDimebacks are brought into the game when the defense uses a \"Dime\" formation, which uses six defensive backs rather than four or five. Usually, a dimeback replaces a linebacker in order to gain better pass defense, although some teams may substitute the extra defensive back for a defensive lineman in their dime formation.
/m/0p9gg	Charles Boyer was a French actor who appeared in more than 80 films between 1920 and 1976. After receiving an education in drama, Boyer started on the stage, but he found his success in American movies during the 1930s. His memorable performances were among the era's most highly praised, in romantic dramas such as The Garden of Allah, Algiers, and Love Affair. Another famous role was in the 1944 mystery-thriller Gaslight. He received four Academy Award nominations for Best Actor.
/m/0fgpvf	Girl with a Pearl Earring is a 2003 drama film directed by Peter Webber. The screenplay was adapted by screenwriter Olivia Hetreed based on the novel of the same name by Tracy Chevalier. The film stars Scarlett Johansson, Colin Firth, Tom Wilkinson, and Cillian Murphy. The film is named after a painting of the same name by the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. The film uses distinctive lighting and color schemes similar to Vermeer's paintings.
/m/03c6vl	Thomas David Schlamme is an American television director. He is best known for his characteristic directing technique called the \"walk and talk\". These sequences consist of single tracking shots of long duration involving multiple characters engaging in conversation as they move through the set; characters enter and exit the conversation as the shot continues without any cuts.
/m/04b2qn	Sideways is a 2004 comedy-drama film written by Jim Taylor and Alexander Payne and directed by Payne. Adapted from Rex Pickett's 2004 novel of the same name, Sideways follows two men in their forties, portrayed by Paul Giamatti and Thomas Haden Church, who take a week-long road trip to Santa Barbara County Wine Country. Payne and Taylor won multiple awards for their screenplay. Giamatti and Church, as well as actresses Virginia Madsen and Sandra Oh, playing local women who become romantically involved with the men, all received accolades for their performances.\nSideways won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and was nominated for four other awards.
/m/03yhgp	Weymouth Football Club is an English football club based in the town of Weymouth, who currently play in the Southern League Premier Division. The club is affiliated to the Dorset County Football Association and is a FA chartered Standard club.
/m/062zjtt	Thor is a 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the fourth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Kenneth Branagh, written by Ashley Edward Miller, Zack Stentz and Don Payne, and stars Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston, Stellan Skarsgård, Colm Feore, Ray Stevenson, Idris Elba, Kat Dennings, Rene Russo and Anthony Hopkins. The film tells the story of Thor, the crown prince of Asgard, who is exiled from his homeland to Earth. While there, he forms a relationship with Jane Foster, a scientist. However, Thor must stop his adopted brother Loki, who intends to become the new king of Asgard.\nSam Raimi first developed the concept of a film adaptation of Thor in 1991, but soon abandoned the project, leaving it in \"development hell\" for several years. During this time, the rights were picked up by various film studios until Marvel Studios signed Mark Protosevich to develop the project in 2006, and planned to finance it and release it through Paramount Pictures. Matthew Vaughn was originally assigned to direct the film for a tentative 2010 release. However, after Vaughn was released from his holding deal in 2008, Branagh was approached and the film's release was rescheduled into 2011. The main characters were cast in 2009, and principal photography took place in California and New Mexico from January to May 2010. The film was converted to 3D in post-production.
/m/025rpyx	Panathinaikos Football Club is a Greek professional football club based in the city of Athens. Founded in 1908, they play in the Super League Greece and are one of the oldest and most successful clubs in Greek football. They have won 20 Greek Championships and 17 Greek Cups.\nPanathinaikos is the most successful Greek club in terms of achievements in European competitions. They have reached the European Cup final in 1971 and the semi-finals in 1985 and 1996.\nAccording to the vast majority of researches and polls, it is the second most popular football team in Greece.\nPanathinaikos F.C. is the football department of Panathinaikos Athlitikos Omilos, a multi-sport club. In 1979, the department became professional and independent. They have played their home games in a number of grounds, most significantly the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium – which is considered as their traditional home ground – and the Athens Olympic Stadium.\nThe club holds a long-term rivalry with Olympiacos and matches between the two teams are referred to as \"Derby of the eternal enemies\".\nPanathinaikos F.C. is one of only two supporter-owned football clubs in Greece, along with Aris Thessaloniki.
/m/0psss	Charlotte Lucy Gainsbourg is an Anglo-French actress and singer. She is the daughter of English actress Jane Birkin and French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg. After making her musical debut with her father on the song \"Lemon Incest\" at the age of twelve she released an album with her father at the age of fifteen. More than twenty years passed before she released three albums as an adult to commercial and critical success. Gainsbourg has also appeared in many films, including several directed by Lars von Trier, and has received both a César Award and the Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award.
/m/04y9mm8	Piranha 3D is a 2010 American 3D horror comedy film and a remake of the 1978 film Piranha. It was directed by Alexandre Aja and sports an ensemble cast featuring Steven R. McQueen, Jessica Szohr, Jerry O'Connell, Richard Dreyfuss, Christopher Lloyd, Elisabeth Shue, Adam Scott, Kelly Brook, Riley Steele, Ving Rhames and Eli Roth.
/m/04jlgp	Billie Honor Whitelaw, CBE is an English actress. She worked in close collaboration with Irish playwright Samuel Beckett for 25 years and is regarded as one of the foremost interpreters of his works. She is also known for her portrayal of Mrs Baylock, the demonic nanny in The Omen.\nWhitelaw was appointed CBE in the 1991 Birthday Honours list.
/m/05r6t	Punk rock was a rock music genre that developed between 1974 and 1976 in the United Kingdom, United States, and Australia. Rooted in garage rock and other forms of what is now known as protopunk music, punk rock bands eschewed perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands created fast, hard-edged music, typically with short songs, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produced recordings and distributed them through informal channels.\nThe term \"punk\" was first used in relation to rock music by some American critics in the early 1970s, to describe garage bands and their devotees. By late 1976, bands such as the Sex Pistols, The Clash and The Damned in London, and Television and the Ramones in New York City were recognized as the vanguard of a new musical movement. The following year saw punk rock spreading around the world, and it became a major cultural phenomenon in the United Kingdom. For the most part, punk took root in local scenes that tended to reject association with the mainstream. An associated punk subculture emerged, expressing youthful rebellion and characterized by distinctive styles of clothing and adornment and a variety of anti-authoritarian ideologies.
/m/033hn8	Epic Records is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment. Originally conceived as a jazz imprint in 1953, it has since expanded to represent various genres. Today, the company is one of three main flagship labels for Sony Music, with the other two being Columbia Records and RCA Records.
/m/0cms7f	Oscar Nunez, sometimes credited as Oscar Núñez, is a Cuban American actor and comedian.\nHe was a member of The Groundlings and later portrayed Dunder Mifflin's paper supply accountant, Oscar Martinez, on NBC's The Office. He was the producer and co-star of the series Halfway Home on Comedy Central.
/m/02f1c	Dolly Rebecca Parton is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, actress, author and philanthropist, best known for her work in country music.\nBeginning her career as a child performer, Parton issued a few modestly successful singles from 1959 through the mid-1960s, showcasing her distinctive soprano voice. She came to greater prominence in 1967 as a featured performer on singer Porter Wagoner's weekly television program; their first duet single, a cover of Tom Paxton's \"The Last Thing on My Mind\", was a top-ten hit on the country singles charts, and led to several successful albums before they ended their partnership in 1974. Moving towards mainstream pop music, Parton's 1977 single \"Here You Come Again\" was a success on both the country and pop charts. A string of pop-country hits followed into the mid-1980s, the most successful being her 1981 hit \"9 to 5\", and her 1983 duet with Kenny Rogers \"Islands in the Stream\", both of which topped the U.S. pop and country singles charts. A pair of albums recorded with Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris were among her later successes. In the late 1990s, Parton returned to classic country/bluegrass with a series of acclaimed recordings.
/m/04f6df0	Into the Storm or Churchill at War is a 2009 biographical film about Winston Churchill and his days in office during World War II. The movie is directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan and stars Brendan Gleeson, who plays the British Prime Minister. Into the Storm is a sequel to the 2002 television film The Gathering Storm, which details the life of Churchill in the years just prior the war. Into the Storm had its first public premiere on HBO and HBO Canada on 31 May 2009.\nInto the Storm was nominated for 14 Primetime Emmy Awards. Brendan Gleeson won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
/m/0197tq	Norah Jones is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and actress. She is the daughter of sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar and Sue Jones. She is Anoushka Shankar's half-sister.\nIn 2002, she launched her solo music career with the release of the commercially successful and critically acclaimed album Come Away with Me, a fusion of country music and pop with elements of jazz which was certified diamond album, selling over 26 million copies. The record earned Jones five Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best New Artist. Her subsequent studio albums Feels Like Home, released in 2004; Not Too Late, released in 2007, the same year she made her film debut in My Blueberry Nights; and 2009's The Fall all gained Platinum status, selling over a million copies each and were generally well received by critics. Jones' fifth studio album, Little Broken Hearts, was released on April 27, 2012.\nJones has won nine Grammy Awards and was 60th on Billboard magazine's artists of the 2000–2009 decade chart. Throughout her career, Jones has won numerous awards and has sold more than 50 million albums worldwide. Billboard named her the top jazz artist of the 2000–2009 decade.
/m/05sfs	Protestantism encompasses forms of Christian faith and practice that originated with doctrines and religious, political, and ecclesiological impulses of the Protestant Reformation against what they considered the errors of the Roman Catholic Church. The term refers to the letter of protestation by Lutheran princes against the decision of the Diet of Speyer in 1529, which reaffirmed the edict of the Diet of Worms condemning the teachings of Martin Luther as heresy. However, the term has been used in several different senses, often as a general term to refer to Western Christianity that is not subject to papal authority, including some traditions that were not part of the original Protestant movement; a \"branch\" of Christianity.\n...The Protestant movement has its origins in Germany and is popularly considered to have begun in 1517 when Luther published The Ninety-Five Theses as a reaction against medieval doctrines and practices, especially with regard to salvation, justification, and ecclesiology. The various Protestant denominations share a rejection of the authority of the pope and generally deny the Catholic doctrine of transubstantiation, although they disagree among themselves about the doctrine of Christ's presence in the Eucharist. They generally emphasize the priesthood of all believers, the doctrine of justification by faith alone apart from good works, and a belief in the Bible rather than Catholic tradition as the supreme authority in matters of faith and morals.
/m/0c3xw46	Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis. The film features a supporting cast that includes Patricia Clarkson, Jenna Elfman, Bryan Greenberg, Nolan Gould, Richard Jenkins and Woody Harrelson. The plot revolves around Dylan and Jamie, who meet in New York City and naively believe adding sex to their friendship will not lead to complications. Over time they begin to develop deep mutual feelings for each other, only to deny it each time they are together.\nPrincipal casting for the film took place over a three-month period from April to July 2010. Gluck reworked the original script and plot shortly after casting Timberlake and Kunis. Filming began in New York City on July 20, 2010, and concluded in Los Angeles in September 2010. The film was distributed by Screen Gems and was released in North America on July 22, 2011. Friends with Benefits was generally well received by film critics, and became a commercial success at the box office grossing over $149.5 million worldwide. It was nominated for two People's Choice Awards: one for Favorite Comedy Movie, and one for Mila Kunis as Favorite Comedic Movie Actress.
/m/01wwvc5	Kenneth Brian \"Babyface\" Edmonds is a ten-time Grammy Award-winning American R&B musician, singer–songwriter and record producer. He has written and produced over 26 No. 1 R&B hits throughout his career.
/m/01jr4j	Topaz is a 1969 American espionage thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Based on the 1967 Cold War novel Topaz by Leon Uris, the film is about a French intelligence agent who becomes entangled in the Cold War politics of the events leading up to the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis, and later the breakup of an international Russian spy ring in France. The story is closely based on the 1962 Sapphire Affair, which involved the head of French Intelligence SDECE in the United States, and spy Philippe Thyraud de Vosjoli—a friend of Leon Uris—who played an important role in \"helping the U.S. discover the presence of Russian offensive missiles in Cuba\". The film stars Frederick Stafford, Dany Robin, John Vernon, Karin Dor, Michel Piccoli, Philippe Noiret, Claude Jade, Michel Subor and John Forsythe.
/m/0639bg	The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a 2005 fantasy adventure film directed by Andrew Adamson and based on The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, the first published and second chronological novel in C. S. Lewis's children's epic fantasy series, The Chronicles of Narnia. It was co-produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures and distributed by Buena Vista Pictures. William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter, Susan, Lucy and Edmund, four British children evacuated during the Blitz to the countryside, who find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia. There they ally with the Lion Aslan against the forces of Jadis, the White Witch. The screenplay based on the novel by C. S. Lewis was written by Stephen McFeely and Christopher Markus.\nThe film was released on December 9, 2005, in both Europe and North America to positive reviews and was highly successful at the box office grossing more than $745 million worldwide, making it 2005's third most successful film. It won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Makeup and various other awards and is the first film in the series of films based on the books. An Extended Edition was released on December 12, 2006, and was only made available on DVD until January 31, 2007, when it was discontinued. It was the best selling DVD in North America in 2006 taking in $332.7 million that year.
/m/02rq8k8	Shining Through is a 1992 British-American World War II film drama, directed and written by David Seltzer and starring Michael Douglas and Melanie Griffith, with Liam Neeson, Joely Richardson and John Gielgud in supporting roles. Although based on the novel of the same name by Susan Isaacs, the film's plot and characters are considerably different. The original music score was composed by Michael Kamen. The film's tagline is: \"He needed to trust her with his secret. She had to trust him with her life.\"
/m/03m5y9p	W. is a 2008 American biographical drama film based on the life and presidency of George W. Bush. It was produced and directed by Oliver Stone, written by Stanley Weiser, and stars Josh Brolin as Bush, with a supporting cast that includes Ellen Burstyn, Elizabeth Banks, James Cromwell, Thandie Newton, Jeffrey Wright, Scott Glenn, and Richard Dreyfuss. Filming began on May 12, 2008, in Louisiana and the film was released on October 17.
/m/04r1t	Lynyrd Skynyrd is an American rock band best known for popularizing the southern hard-rock genre during the 1970s. Originally formed in 1964 as the The Noble Five in Jacksonville, Florida, the band rose to worldwide recognition on the basis of its driving live performances and signature tunes \"Sweet Home Alabama\" and \"Free Bird\". At the peak of their success, three members died in an airplane crash in 1977, putting an abrupt end to the band's most popular incarnation.\nThe surviving band members re-formed in 1987 for a reunion tour with lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant, the younger brother of lead singer and founder Ronnie Van Zant. The re-formed band continues to tour and record with co-founding member Gary Rossington and core members Johnny Van Zant, along with guitarist Rickey Medlocke, who recorded with the band for a short time in the early 1970s. Drummer Michael Cartellone has recorded and toured with the band since 1999. Lynyrd Skynyrd was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 13, 2006.
/m/027hjff	The 13th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony, honouring the best in film and television acting achievement for the year 2006, took place on 28 January 2007 and, for the 11th consecutive ceremony, was held at the Los Angeles Shrine Exposition Center, in Los Angeles, California. The nominees were announced on 4 January 2007. It was televised live on TNT and TBS. This was the 10th consecutive year TNT televised the event and the 2nd year for TBS\nBabel, Dreamgirls and Little Miss Sunshine received the highest number of nominations among the film categories with each getting three, two for acting and one for ensemble performance, however only Dreamgirls won more than one award. In the television categories The Sopranos and Broken Trail had the most nominations with three but it was the mini-series Elizabeth I and the medical drama Grey's Anatomy which won the most awards with two each.\nThe Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award was presented to the actress Julie Andrews.
/m/02mpyh	The Talented Mr. Ripley is a 1999 American psychological thriller, written for the screen and directed by Anthony Minghella, and is an adaptation of the Patricia Highsmith 1955 novel of the same name, which was previously filmed as Plein Soleil in 1960.\nStarring Matt Damon as Tom Ripley, Gwyneth Paltrow as Marge Sherwood, Jude Law as Dickie Greenleaf, Cate Blanchett as Meredith Logue, Philip Seymour Hoffman as Freddie Miles, Jack Davenport as Peter Smith-Kingsley, James Rebhorn as Herbert Greenleaf, and Celia Weston as Aunt Joan.
/m/01fpfn	A unitary state is a state governed as one single unit in which the central government is supreme and any administrative divisions exercise only powers that their central government chooses to delegate. The great majority of states in the world have a unitary system of government.\nUnitary states are contrasted with federal states and confederal states:\nIn a unitary state, subnational units are created and abolished and their powers may be broadened and narrowed, by the central government. Although political power in unitary states may be delegated through devolution to local government by statute, the central government remains supreme; it may abrogate the acts of devolved governments or curtail their powers.\nThe United Kingdom is an example of a unitary state. Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland which, along with England are the four constituent countries of the United Kingdom, have a degree of autonomous devolved power – the Scottish Government and Scottish Parliament in Scotland, the Welsh Government and National Assembly for Wales in Wales, and the Northern Ireland Executive and Northern Ireland Assembly in Northern Ireland. But such devolved power is only delegated by Britain's central government, more specifically by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which is supreme under the doctrine of parliamentary supremacy. Further, the devolved governments cannot challenge the constitutionality of acts of Parliament, and the powers of the devolved governments can be revoked or reduced by the central government. For example, the Northern Ireland Assembly has been suspended four times, with its powers reverting to the central government's Northern Ireland Office.Ukraine is another example of a unitary state. The Republic of Crimea within the country has a degree of autonomy and is governed by its Cabinet of Ministers and legislative Council. In the early 1990s the republic also had a presidential post which was terminated due to separatist tendencies that intended to transfer Crimea to Russia.
/m/04165w	Finding Neverland is a 2004 American semi-biographical film about playwright J. M. Barrie and his relationship with a family who inspired him to create Peter Pan, directed by Marc Forster. The screenplay by David Magee is based on the play The Man Who Was Peter Pan by Allan Knee. The film was nominated for several Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Actor for Johnny Depp's portrayal of J. M. Barrie, and won one for Jan A. P. Kaczmarek's musical score.
/m/011yph	The Full Monty is a 1997 British comedy-drama film directed by Peter Cattaneo, starring Robert Carlyle, Mark Addy, William Snape, Steve Huison, Tom Wilkinson, Paul Barber, and Hugo Speer. The screenplay was written by Simon Beaufoy. The film is set in Sheffield, England, and it tells the story of six unemployed men, four of them former steel workers, who decide to form a male striptease act in order to gather enough money to get somewhere else and for main character, Gaz, to be able to see his son. Gaz declares that their show will be better than the Chippendales dancers because they will go \"the full monty\" — strip all the way — hence the film's title. Despite being a comedy, the film also touches on serious subjects such as unemployment, fathers' rights, depression, impotence, homosexuality, obesity, working class culture and suicide. The film was rated a 15 in Britain for \"frequent strong language\".\nThe Full Monty was a major critical success upon release and an unexpected international commercial success, grossing over $250 million from a budget of only $3.5 million. It was the highest grossing film in the UK until it was outsold by Titanic. It was ultimately nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay and Best Original Music Score, winning the latter.
/m/0gbwp	Janet Damita Jo Jackson is an American recording artist and actress. Known for a series of sonically innovative, socially conscious and sexually provocative records, as well as elaborate stage shows, television appearances, and film roles, she is a prominent figure in popular culture.\nAfter signing a recording contract with A&M, she came to prominence following the release of her third studio album, Control. Her collaborations with record producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis incorporated elements of pop with rhythm and blues, dance, funk, hip-hip, and industrial overtones, leading to appeal in popular music. Her fourth album, Rhythm Nation 1814, focused on socially conscious themes and various musical styles, and made Jackson the only artist in history to garner seven top five singles from the same album. In addition to receiving recognition for the innovation of her records, choreography, music videos, and prominence on radio and music channels, she was acknowledged as a role model for her lyrical substance.\nJackson signed the first of two record-breaking, multimillion dollar contracts with Virgin Records, establishing her as one of the industry's highest paid artists. Her debut album under the label, janet., saw her develop a public image as a sex symbol as she began to explore carnality in her work. Upon its release, she played the starring role in the film Poetic Justice; and has continued to act in feature films, including The Nutty Professor II: The Klumps and the Why Did I Get Married? franchise. Her following album, The Velvet Rope, discussed themes of depression and sadomasochism, spawning the biggest hit of her career, \"Together Again.\" By the end of the nineties, Billboard named her the second most successful recording artist of the decade, following Mariah Carey. All for You, Jackson's seventh album, returned to an upbeat, optimistic sound. It was succeeded by Damita Jo, 20 Y.O., and Discipline.
/m/01pllx	Carlos Irwin Estévez, best known by his stage name Charlie Sheen, is an American actor. He has appeared in films such as Platoon, The Wraith, Wall Street, Major League, Hot Shots!, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Scary Movie 3, and Scary Movie 4. On television, Sheen is known for his roles on Spin City, Two and a Half Men, and Anger Management. In 2010, Sheen was the highest paid actor on television and earned US$1.8 million per episode of Two and a Half Men.\nSheen's personal life has also made headlines, including reports about alcohol and drug abuse and marital problems, as well as allegations of domestic violence. He was fired from Two and a Half Men by CBS and Warner Bros. in March 2011. Sheen subsequently went on a nationwide tour.
/m/03f1zdw	Colin Andrew Firth CBE is an English film, television, and theatre actor. His films have earned more than $936 million from 42 releases worldwide. He has received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, a BAFTA and the Screen Actors Guild Award, as well as the Volpi Cup. His most notable and acclaimed role to date has been his 2010 portrayal of King George VI in The King's Speech, a performance that gained him an Oscar and many other worldwide best actor awards. It went on to gross $414,211,549 worldwide.\nIdentified in the late 1980s with the 'Brit Pack' of new young British actors headed by Gary Oldman, Firth's rise to stardom progressed at a slower pace than many of his contemporaries. It was not until his portrayal of Mr. Darcy in the 1995 television adaptation of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice that Firth became a household name. The show was a hit in the UK and USA and established him as a marquee talent. This led to roles in films such as The English Patient, Bridget Jones's Diary, Shakespeare in Love and Love Actually. In 2009 he received widespread critical acclaim for his leading role in A Single Man, for which Firth gained his first Academy Award nomination, and won a BAFTA Award.
/m/0jfx1	John Christopher \"Johnny\" Depp II is an American actor, film producer, and musician. He has won the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild award for Best Actor. Depp rose to prominence on the 1980s television series 21 Jump Street, becoming a teen idol. Dissatisfied with that status, Depp turned to film for more challenging roles; he played the title character of the acclaimed Edward Scissorhands and later found box office success in films such as Sleepy Hollow, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Alice in Wonderland, Rango and the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. He has collaborated with director and friend Tim Burton in eight films; the most recent being Dark Shadows.\nDepp has gained acclaim for his portrayals of such people as Ed Wood in Ed Wood, Joseph D. Pistone in Donnie Brasco, Hunter S. Thompson in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, George Jung in Blow, Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean, and the bank robber John Dillinger in Michael Mann's Public Enemies. Films featuring Depp have grossed over $3.1 billion at the United States box office and over $7.6 billion worldwide. His commercially most successful films have been Pirates of the Caribbean which grossed US$ 3,727 million, Alice in Wonderland which grossed US$ 1,024 million, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory which grossed US$ 474 million and The Tourist which grossed US$ 278 million worldwide.
/m/044mfr	Adam Noah Levine is an American singer-songwriter and musician, widely known as the lead vocalist of pop rock band Maroon 5.\nBorn and raised in Los Angeles, California, Levine began his musical career in 1994, when he co-founded alternative rock band Kara's Flowers, of which he was the lead vocalist and guitarist. After the commercial failure of their only album, The Fourth World, the band split up. Later, he reformed the band and a fifth member was added to form Maroon 5. The band released their first album, Songs About Jane, which went multi-platinum in the US. Since then, they have released three more albums, It Won't Be Soon Before Long, Hands All Over and Overexposed. As part of Maroon 5, he has received three Grammy Awards, two Billboard Music Awards, two American Music Awards, an MTV Video Music Award and a World Music Award.\nSince 2011, Levine has served as a coach on NBC's reality talent show The Voice. The winners of the first and fifth seasons, Javier Colon and Tessanne Chin, were on his team. In 2012, he made his acting debut as a recurring character in the horror television show American Horror Story: Asylum for the series' second season. He also appeared in the film Can a Song Save Your Life?.
/m/05y7hc	Craig Armstrong, OBE is a Scottish composer of modern orchestral music, electronica and film scores. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Music in 1981, and has since written music for the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra and the London Sinfonietta.\nArmstrong's score for William Shakespeare’s Romeo + Juliet earned him a BAFTA for Achievement in Film Music and an Ivor Novello. His composition for Baz Luhrmann’s musical Moulin Rouge! earned him the 2001 American Film Institute’s composer of the Year award, a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and a BAFTA. Armstrong was awarded a Grammy Award for Best Original Score in 2004 for the biopic Ray. His other feature film scoring credits include Love Actually, Oliver Stone's World Trade Center, Elizabeth: The Golden Age and The Incredible Hulk.
/m/0h7jp	Gironde is a common name for the Gironde estuary, where the mouths of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers merge, and for a department in the Aquitaine region situated in southwest France. The Bordeaux wine region is in the Gironde.
/m/03fn6z	Sliema Wanderers Football Club are a Maltese football team from the town of Sliema, which currently plays in the Maltese Premier League.
/m/033tf_	Irish Americans are Americans who can trace their ancestry to Ireland. About 36.3 million Americans—11.9% of the total population—reported Irish ancestry in the 2008 American Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau. About 5.4 million people identify more specifically as Scotch-Irish, whose ancestors were Ulster Scots that immigrated from Ireland to the United States.
/m/0jmj	Alan Alda is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and author. A six-time Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award winner, he is best known for his starring roles as Hawkeye Pierce in the TV series M*A*S*H and Arnold Vinick in The West Wing, and his supporting role in the 2004 film The Aviator, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award. He is currently a Visiting Professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook School of Journalism and a member of the advisory board of The Center for Communicating Science. He serves on the board of the World Science Festival and is a judge for Math-O-Vision.
/m/01bdxz	Torquay United Football Club is an English football club based in Torquay, Devon. The club participates in Football League Two, the fourth tier of English football. The club plays in a distinctive yellow & white stripe kit.
/m/0d02km	Zachary John Quinto is an American actor and film producer. Quinto grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and was active in high school musical theater. In the early 2000s, he guest starred in television series and appeared in a recurring role in the serial drama 24 from 2003 to 2004. In 2006, Quinto acted in the sitcom So NoTORIous and portrayed series antagonist Sylar in the science fiction drama Heroes from 2006 to 2010. He played Spock in the 2009 reboot Star Trek, and its 2013 sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness. He is also known for his roles in the FX horror anthology series American Horror Story.
/m/0170s4	Woodrow Tracy \"Woody\" Harrelson is an American actor and activist. His breakout role came in the television sitcom Cheers as bartender Woody Boyd. Some notable film characters include basketball hustler Billy Hoyle in White Men Can't Jump, a crippled bowler in Kingpin, serial killer Mickey Knox in Natural Born Killers, magazine publisher Larry Flynt in The People vs. Larry Flynt, country singer Dusty in A Prairie Home Companion, bounty hunter Carson Wells in No Country for Old Men, zombie killer Tallahassee in Zombieland, blind piano player/meat salesman Ezra Turner in Seven Pounds, conspiracy nut Charlie Frost in 2012, a delusional man who believes he is a superhero named Defendor in Defendor, Cpt. Tony Stone in The Messenger, Haymitch Abernathy in The Hunger Games, and Merritt McKinney in Now You See Me. For The People vs. Larry Flynt and The Messenger, Harrelson earned Academy Award nominations for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively. He is currently a co-star in the 2014 HBO crime drama True Detective, along with Matthew McConaughey.
/m/04xvlr	A period piece is a work of art set in, or reminiscent of, an earlier time period.\nIn the performing arts, a period piece is a work set in a particular era. This informal term covers all countries, all periods and all genres. It may be as long and general as the medieval era or as limited as one decade—the Roaring Twenties, for example.\nA period film is a film that attempts to faithfully depict a specific time period. Examples include movies like Cinderella Man, Schindler’s List, Les Misérables or Lincoln.\nHarold Bloom in The Western Canon labels those works not included in his list of 20th century \"classics\" as being mostly \"period pieces\". Since these works are still being widely read, it is impossible to know if they will become regarded as classics in the future or simply fade away into mostly unread period pieces.
/m/034bgm	Christopher John \"Chris\" Weitz is an American producer, writer, director and actor. He is best known for his work with his brother, Paul Weitz, on the comedy films American Pie and About a Boy, as well as directing the film adaptation of the novel The Golden Compass and the film adaptation of New Moon from the series of Twilight books. His most recent film is A Better Life.
/m/072x7s	Munich is a drama film based on Operation Wrath of God, the Israeli government's secret retaliation against the Palestine Liberation Organization after the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics. The film was produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Tony Kushner and Eric Roth.\nBased on the book Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team about Yuval Aviv, who claims to have been a Mossad agent, Munich follows a squad of assassins as they track down and kill alleged members of the group Black September, which kidnapped and murdered eleven Israeli athletes.\nShot in Malta, Budapest, Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base, Paris, and New York, Munich was a critical and commercial success. It garnered positive reviews and five Academy Awards nominations: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Film Editing and Best Original Score. Its worldwide box office gross was $130,358,911.
/m/04bdzg	Joshua Lucas Easy Dent Maurer is an American actor. He has appeared in many films, including Glory Road, Sweet Home Alabama, A Beautiful Mind, Stealth, Poseidon and J. Edgar.
/m/069ld1	Desmond Harrington is an American actor. He is known for movies such as The Hole, Wrong Turn and Ghost Ship. He joined the cast of the Showtime series Dexter in its third season as Det. Joseph Quinn and appeared in a few episodes of Gossip Girl.
/m/0f1sm	Hartford is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut and the historic seat of Hartford County until Connecticut disbanded county government in 1960. As of the 2010 Census, Hartford's population was 124,775, making it Connecticut's fourth-largest city after the coastal cities of Bridgeport, New Haven, and Stamford.\nNicknamed the \"Insurance Capital of the World\", Hartford houses many insurance company headquarters, and insurance remains the region's major industry. Almost 400 years old, Hartford is among the oldest cities in the United States. Following the American Civil War, Hartford was the wealthiest city in the United States for several decades. In 1868, resident Mark Twain wrote before he died, \"Of all the beautiful towns it has been my fortune to see this is the chief.\" Today, Hartford is one of the poorest cities in the nation with 3 out of every 10 families living below the poverty line.\nIn 2004, the Hartford metropolitan area ranked second nationally in per capita economic activity, behind only San Francisco. Hartford is ranked 32nd of 318 metropolitan areas in total economic production. Hartford is home to the nation's oldest public art museum, the Wadsworth Atheneum; the oldest public park, Bushnell Park; the oldest continuously published newspaper, The Hartford Courant; the second-oldest secondary school, Hartford Public, and the Mark Twain House where the author wrote his most famous works and raised his family, among other historically significant attractions.
/m/065zf3p	RasenBallsport Leipzig e. V., commonly known as RB Leipzig, is a German association football club based in Leipzig, Saxony. The club is supported by energy drink-maker Red Bull who purchased the license of fifth division side SSV Markranstädt with the intention of advancing the re-modeled club to the top-flight Bundesliga within ten years. RB Leipzig's stadium is the Red Bull Arena. In their inaugural season, RB dominated the NOFV-Oberliga Süd in 2009–10 and as a result were promoted as champions to the Regionalliga Nord for the 2010–2011 season. In the 2012-13 campaign, RB won that league without conceding a defeat and was promoted to the 3. Liga.
/m/03xnwz	Indie pop is a genre of alternative rock music that originated in the United Kingdom in the mid-1980s, with its roots in Scottish post-punk bands on the Postcard Records label in the early '80s and the dominant UK independent band of the mid-'80s, the Smiths. Indie pop was inspired by punk's DIY ethic and related ideologies, and it generated a thriving fanzine, label, and club and gig circuit. Indie pop differs from indie rock to the extent that it is more melodic, less abrasive, and relatively angst-free.\nThe term \"indie\" had been used for some time to describe artists on independent labels, but the key moment in the naming of \"indie pop\" as a genre was the release of NME's C86 tape in 1986. The compilation featured, among other artists, Primal Scream, the Pastels, and the Wedding Present, and \"indie\" quickly became shorthand for a genre whose defining conventions were identified as jangling guitars, a love of '60s pop, and melodic power pop song structures.\nIn the mid to late '80s, indie pop was criticized for its associations with so-called \"shambling\" and underachievement, but the C86 indie pop scene is now recognized as a pivotal moment for independent music in the UK, as is recognized in the subtitle of that compilation's 2006 extended reissue: CD86: 48 Tracks from the Birth of Indie Pop. Indie pop continues to have a strong following and inspire musicians, not just in the UK but around the world, with new bands, labels and clubs devoted to the sound.
/m/05ldnp	Paul Edward Haggis is a Canadian screenwriter, producer, and director. He spent his early career producing and directing various American and Canadian television network series. Among his achievements are screenwriter and producer credits for consecutive Best Picture winners, 2004's Million Dollar Baby and 2005's Crash, the latter of which he also directed.
/m/0dlv0	New Delhi is the capital of India and seat of the executive, legislative, and judiciary branches of the Government of India. It is also the centre of the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. New Delhi is situated within the metropolis of Delhi and is one of the eleven districts of Delhi National Capital Territory.\nNew Delhi constitutes roughly 1% of the population of Delhi metropolis. With a population of 22 million in 2011, Delhi metropolitan region is the world's second most populous city and the largest city in India and also one of the largest in the world in terms of area. After Mumbai it is also the wealthiest city in India, and has the 2nd highest GDP of any city in South, West or Central Asia.\nThe foundation stone of the city was laid by George V, Emperor of India during the Delhi Durbar of 1911. It was designed by British architects, Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931, by India's Viceroy Lord Irwin.
/m/04m064	Barry Robert Pepper is a Canadian actor. He is best known for roles such as Jonnie Goodboy Tyler in Battlefield Earth, Sergeant Michael Strank in Flags of Our Fathers, Private Daniel Jackson in Saving Private Ryan, Roger Maris in 61*, and \"Lucky\" Ned Pepper in True Grit. He has been nominated for three Screen Actors Guild Awards and a Golden Globe Award. In 2011, for his role as Robert F. Kennedy in the miniseries The Kennedys, Pepper won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
/m/0bksh	Cameron Michelle Diaz is an American actress and former model. She rose to prominence during the 1990s with roles in the movies The Mask, My Best Friend's Wedding and There's Something About Mary. Other high-profile credits include the two Charlie's Angels films, voicing the character Princess Fiona in the Shrek series, Any Given Sunday, Knight and Day, The Holiday, The Green Hornet and Bad Teacher.\nDiaz has received four Golden Globe Award nominations for her performances in the movies, Being John Malkovich, Vanilla Sky, Gangs of New York, and There's Something About Mary for which she also won the New York Film Critics Best Lead Actress Award. She is also a BAFTA Nominee. In 2013, Diaz was named the highest paid actress over 40 in Hollywood.
/m/0gmdkyy	The 84th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2011 in the United States and took place on February 26, 2012, at the Hollywood and Highland Center Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Brian Grazer and Don Mischer, with Mischer also serving as director. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the ninth time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 76th ceremony held in 2004.\nOn June 14, 2011, Academy president Tom Sherak announced at a press conference that, in an attempt to further revitalize interest surrounding the awards, the 2012 ceremony would feature between five and ten Best Picture nominees depending on voting results, as opposed to a set number of nominees. In related events, the Academy held its third Annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 12, 2011. On February 11, 2012, in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Milla Jovovich.
/m/03hkv_r	The Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is one of the three screenwriting Writers Guild of America Awards, one that is specifically for film. The Writers Guild of America began making the distinction between an original screenplay and an adapted screenplay in 1970, when Waldo Salt, screenwriter for Midnight Cowboy, won for \"Best Adapted Drama\" and Arnold Schulman won \"Best Adapted Comedy\" for his screenplay of Goodbye, Columbus. Separate awards for dramas and comedies continued until 1985.
/m/04lg6	    Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci, April 15, 1452 – May 2, 1519) was an Italian polymath, being a scientist, mathematician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, painter, sculptor, architect, botanist, musician and writer. Leonardo has often been described as the archetype of the \"Renaissance man\", a man whose \"unquenchable curiosity\" was equalled only by his powers of invention. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived. Helen Gardner says \"The scope and depth of his interests were without precedent...His mind and personality seem to us superhuman, the man himself mysterious and remote\".     Born as the illegitimate son of a notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman, Caterina, at Vinci in the region of Florence, Leonardo was educated in the studio of the renowned Florentine painter, Verrocchio. Much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan. He later worked in Rome, Bologna and Venice and spent his last years in France, at the home awarded him by King François I.     Leonardo was and is renowned primarily as a painter. Two of his works, the Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, are the most famous, most reproduced and most parodied portrait and religious painting of all time, their fame approached only by Michelangelo's Creation of Adamn
/m/0d22f	Washington County is one of 36 counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 529,710, making it the second most populous county in the state. The seat and largest city is Hillsboro. Other cities include Beaverton, Tigard, and Forest Grove, the oldest city in the county.\nOriginally named Twality when created in 1843, the territorial legislature renamed it for the first president of the United States, George Washington, in 1849. The original boundaries included the entire northwest corner of Oregon before sections became new counties. The Tualatin River and its drainage basin are almost entirely within the county, with the county nearly coterminous with the Tualatin Valley. It is bordered on the west and north by the Northern Oregon Coast Range, on the south by the Chehalem Mountains, and on the north and east by the Tualatin Mountains.\nMajor roads in the county include small sections of Interstate 5 and Interstate 205, the Sunset Highway, Oregon Route 217, Oregon Route 47, Oregon Route 10, Oregon Route 6, and Oregon Route 8. Public transportation is primarily operated by TriMet and includes buses, the Westside Express Service commuter rail, and MAX Light Rail. Other transportation includes air travel at the Hillsboro Airport, several private airfields and heliports, and heavy rail cargo on several rail lines.
/m/07zhd7	Adolph Deutsch was a composer, conductor and arranger. He was born in London, England.\nIn 1914, Deutsch was \"a Buffalo movie house musician\", accompanying silent films. Deutsch began his composing career on Broadway in the 1920s and 1930s before working for Hollywood films beginning in the late 1930s. For Broadway, he orchestrated Irving Berlin's As Thousands Cheer and George and Ira Gershwin's Pardon My English.\nDeutsch won Oscars for his background music for Oklahoma!, and for conducting the music for Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Annie Get Your Gun. He was nominated for The Band Wagon and the 1951 film version of Show Boat, for which he conducted the orchestra. For Broadway and Hollywood, he conducted, composed and arranged music, but did not write songs, not even for the Broadway shows on which he worked. In addition to his music for westerns and his conducting of the scores for musicals, Deutsch composed for films noir, including The Mask of Dimitrios, The Maltese Falcon, and Nobody Lives Forever, and the Billy Wilder comedies Some Like It Hot, and The Apartment.\nHe retired in 1961 and died in 1980 at his home in Palm Desert, California.
/m/02gw_w	Croydon is a large town in South London, England, in the London Borough of Croydon. 9.5 miles south of Charing Cross. It is identified in the London Plan as one of 11 metropolitan centres in Greater London.\nCroydon lies on a transport corridor between central London and the south coast of England, to the north of two gaps in the North Downs, one followed by the A23 Brighton Road through Purley and Merstham and the main railway line and the other by the A22 from Purley to the M25 Godstone interchange.\nHistorically a part of Surrey, at the time of the Norman conquest of England, Croydon had a church, a mill, and around 365 inhabitants, as recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086. Croydon expanded during the Middle Ages as a market town and a centre for charcoal production, leather tanning and brewing. The Surrey Iron Railway from Croydon to Wandsworth opened in 1803 and was the world's first public railway. Later nineteenth century railway building facilitated Croydon's growth as a commuter town for London. By the early 20th century, Croydon was an important industrial area, known for car manufacture, metal working and its airport. In the mid 20th century these sectors were replaced by retailing and the service economy, brought about by massive redevelopment which saw the rise of office blocks and the Whitgift shopping centre. Croydon was amalgamated into Greater London in 1965. Road traffic is now diverted away from a largely pedestrianised town centre, and its main railway station, East Croydon, is a major hub of the national railway transport system. The town is expected to see changes as part of Croydon Vision 2020, an urban planning initiative.
/m/01ls2	Colombia, officially the Republic of Colombia, is a unitary, constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments. It is located in northwestern South America, bordered to the northwest by Panama; to the north by the Caribbean Sea; to the east by Venezuela and Brazil; to the south by Ecuador and Peru; and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.\nThe territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca, Quimbaya, and Tairona. The Spanish arrived in 1499 and initiated a period of conquest and colonization ultimately creating the Viceroyalty of New Granada, with its capital at Bogotá. Independence from Spain was won in 1819, but by 1830 \"Gran Colombia\" had collapsed with the secession of Venezuela and Ecuador. What is now Colombia and Panama emerged as the Republic of New Granada. The new nation experimented with federalism as the Granadine Confederation, and then the United States of Colombia, before the Republic of Colombia was finally declared in 1886. Panama seceded in 1903.\nSince the 1960s, the country has suffered from an asymmetric low-intensity armed conflict. The conflict escalated in the 1990s, but since 2000 the conflict has decreased considerably.
/m/06fvc	Red is the color of blood, rubies and strawberries. It is the color of the wavelength of light from approximately 620–740 nm on the electromagnetic spectrum. Next to orange at the end of the visible spectrum, red is commonly associated with danger, sacrifice, passion, fire, beauty, blood, anger, Christmas, socialism, communism, and in China and many other cultures, with happiness.
/m/018wng	This is a list of films by year that have received an Oscar together with the other nominations for best documentary short subject. Following the Academy's practice, the year listed for each film is the year of release: the awards are announced and presented early in the following year.
/m/0fm3kw	The Goya Award for Best Actress is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.\nIn the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/02kxwk	Kathleen Doyle \"Kathy\" Bates is an American actress and film director. After appearing in several minor roles in film and television during the 1970s and the 1980s, Bates rose to prominence with her performance in Misery, for which she won both the Academy Award for Best Actress and a Golden Globe. She followed this with major roles in Fried Green Tomatoes and Dolores Claiborne, before playing a featured role as Molly Brown in Titanic.\nShe received a Tony Award nomination for her 1983 performance in the Broadway play 'night, Mother. She won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance in Primary Colors, for which she also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for About Schmidt. Her television work has resulted in eleven Emmy Award nominations, two of which were for her starring role on the television series Harry's Law and most recently, a win for her acclaimed guest appearance on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men as the ghost of Charlie Harper, a role formerly portrayed by Charlie Sheen. She most recently co-starred in the third season of the FX television series American Horror Story, portraying an immortal racist, Delphine LaLaurie.
/m/01mwsnc	Ronald David \"Ronnie\" Wood is an English rock musician and songwriter best known as a member of the Rolling Stones since 1975, as well as a former member of the Faces and the Jeff Beck Group.\nWood began his career in 1964, when he joined the Birds on guitar. He then joined the mod group the Creation, but only remained with the group for a short time, and appeared on a small number of singles. Wood joined the Jeff Beck Group in 1967, where he played bass. They released two albums, Truth and Beck-Ola, which became moderate successes. The group split in 1969, and Wood departed along with lead vocalist Rod Stewart to join former Small Faces members Ronnie Lane, Ian McLagan, and Kenney Jones in a new group, dubbed the Faces. The group, although relegated to \"cult\" status in the US, found great success in the UK and mainland Europe. The Faces released their debut album, First Step, in 1970. The group went on to release Long Player and A Nod Is as Good as a Wink... to a Blind Horse in 1971. Their last LP, entitled Ooh La La, was released in 1973. After the group split, Wood began several solo projects, eventually recording his first solo LP, I've Got My Own Album to Do, in 1974. The album featured former bandmate McLagan as well as former Beatle George Harrison and Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, a longtime friend of Wood's. Richards soon invited Wood to join the Rolling Stones, after the departure of Mick Taylor. Wood joined in 1975, and has remained a member ever since.
/m/017yxq	Michael Thomas \"Tom\" Green is a Canadian actor, writer, comedian, producer, director, talk show host, and media personality. Best known for his shock humour brand of comedy, Green found mainstream prominence via his MTV television show The Tom Green Show. Green was also in the public eye for his short-lived marriage to actress Drew Barrymore, and for his roles in such films as Freddy Got Fingered, Road Trip, Stealing Harvard and Charlie's Angels. Green is also a testicular cancer survivor.\nIn June 2003, Green served as a guest-host on Late Show with David Letterman which led to him hosting his own late-night talk show on MTV entitled The New Tom Green Show. From 2006–2011, he hosted his internet talk show Tom Green's House Tonight from his living room and, as of January 2010, has started performing stand-up comedy. As of October 2013, Green is the host of the live weekly talk-show Tom Green Live on AXS TV.
/m/0194xc	Edward Moore \"Ted\" Kennedy was the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts and a member of the Democratic Party. He was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and was the fourth-longest-serving senator in United States history, having served there for almost 47 years. As the most prominent living member of the Kennedy family for many years, he was also the last surviving son of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.; the youngest brother of President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy, both victims of assassination; and the father of Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy.\nKennedy entered the Senate in a November 1962 special election to fill the seat once held by his brother John. He was elected to a full six-year term in 1964 and was reelected seven more times before his death. The Chappaquiddick incident on July 18, 1969, resulted in the death of his automobile passenger, Mary Jo Kopechne. Kennedy pleaded guilty to a charge of leaving the scene of an accident; the incident and its aftermath significantly damaged his chances of ever becoming President of the United States. His one attempt, in the 1980 presidential election, resulted in a Democratic primary campaign loss to incumbent President Jimmy Carter.
/m/01dpdh	The Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance was awarded between 1965 and 2011. The award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1965 to 1967 the award was known as Best Country & Western Vocal Performance - Male\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Country & Western Solo Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1969 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Country Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1995 to 2011 it was awarded as Best Male Country Vocal Performance\nThe award was discontinued after the 2011 awards season in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo performances in the country category will be shifted to the newly formed Best Country Solo Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/07_jd	Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat – red meat, poultry, seafood and the flesh of any other animal; it may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter.\nVegetarianism can be adopted for different reasons. Many object to eating meat out of respect for sentient life. Such ethical motivations have been codified under various religious beliefs, along with the concept of animal rights. Other motivations for vegetarianism are health-related, political, environmental, cultural, aesthetic or economic. There are varieties of the diet as well: an ovo-vegetarian diet includes eggs but not dairy products, a lacto-vegetarian diet includes dairy products but not eggs, and an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet includes both eggs and dairy products. A vegan, or strict vegetarian, diet excludes all animal products, including eggs, dairy, beeswax and honey. Some vegans also avoid animal products such as leather for clothing and goose-fat for shoe polish.\nVarious packaged or processed foods, including cake, cookies, candies, chocolate, yogurt and marshmallows, often contain unfamiliar animal ingredients, and may be a special concern for vegetarians due to the likelihood of such additions. Often, products are reviewed by vegetarians for animal-derived ingredients prior to purchase or consumption. Vegetarians vary in their feelings regarding these ingredients, however. For example, while some vegetarians may be unaware of animal-derived rennet's role in the usual production of cheese and may therefore unknowingly consume the product, other vegetarians may not take issue with its consumption.
/m/0b2v79	The Untouchables is a 1987 American crime drama directed by Brian De Palma and written by David Mamet. Based on the book The Untouchables, the film stars Kevin Costner as government agent Eliot Ness. It also stars Robert De Niro as gang leader Al Capone and Sean Connery as Irish-American officer Jimmy Malone. The film follows Ness' autobiographical account of the efforts of him and his Untouchables to bring Capone to justice during Prohibition. The Grammy Award-winning score was composed by Ennio Morricone.\nThe Untouchables was released on June 3, 1987, and received positive reviews. Observers praised the film for its approach, as well as its direction. The film was also a financial success, grossing $76 million domestically. The Untouchables was nominated for four Academy Awards, of which Connery received one for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/02_2v2	Agnes Nixon is an American writer and producer. She is best known as the creator of soap operas such as One Life to Live, All My Children, and Loving. Having a key role in the production of these programs, she was either executive producer or consulting producer for all three shows for many years: on One Life to Live from 1968 to 1975, 'All My Children from 1970 to 1981, and Loving from 1993 to 1995.\nNixon continued to write for All My Children with Wisner Washam until 1983, and again with him and Lorraine Broderick from 1988 to 1992, continuing on as a consultant in recurring capacities to date. From 1970 until 1989, every episode of All My Children was written by either Nixon or her protégés Washam and Broderick, although Nixon's role with One Life to Live was more limited once she surrendered the day-to-day aspects of the show in 1975. Because of her long career and the number of successful shows she created or was a part of, she is often referred to as the \"Queen\" of the modern soap opera. Her creations and her writing have had the most effect on modern audiences, second only to her mentor Irna Phillips.
/m/0261g5l	Silvio Horta is an American writer and producer most notable for adapting the hit Colombian telenovela Yo Soy Betty La Fea into the ABC series, Ugly Betty. Horta served as head writer and executive producer on the series.
/m/0fh694	Michael Clayton is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Tony Gilroy, starring George Clooney, Tom Wilkinson, Tilda Swinton and Sydney Pollack. The film chronicles the attempts by attorney Michael Clayton to cope with a colleague's apparent mental breakdown, and the corruption and intrigue surrounding a major client of his law firm being sued in a class action case over the effects of toxic agrochemicals.\nThe film received positive reviews and was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Gilroy and Best Actor for Clooney, with Swinton winning the award for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/07f3xb	Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje is a British actor and former fashion model, best known for his roles as Lock-Nah in The Mummy Returns, Nykwana Wombosi in The Bourne Identity, Mr. Eko on Lost and Simon Adebisi on Oz.
/m/051qvn	1. Fußball- und Sportverein Mainz 05 e. V., usually shortened to 1. FSV Mainz 05, Mainz 05, or simply Mainz, is a German association football club, founded in 1905 and based in Mainz, Rhineland-Palatinate. 1. FSV Mainz 05 have played in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system, for four consecutive years, starting with the 2009–10 season. The club's main local rivals are Eintracht Frankfurt and 1. FC Kaiserslautern. In addition to the football division, 1. FSV Mainz 05 have handball and table tennis departments.
/m/047kn_	Lyngby Boldklub is a professional Danish football club founded in 1921. It is based at Lyngby Stadion in Kongens Lyngby, Denmark. From 1994 to 2001 the club was known as Lyngby FC.
/m/01y9r2	Road to Perdition is a 2002 American crime film directed by Sam Mendes. The screenplay was adapted by David Self, from the graphic novel of the same name by Max Allan Collins. The film stars Tom Hanks, Paul Newman, Jude Law, and Daniel Craig. The plot takes place in 1931, during the Great Depression, following a mob enforcer and his son as they seek vengeance against a mobster who murdered the rest of their family.\nFilming took place in the Chicago area. Mendes, having recently finished 1999's acclaimed American Beauty, pursued a story that had minimal dialogue and conveyed emotion in the imagery. Cinematographer Conrad Hall took advantage of the environment to create symbolism for the film, for which he won several awards, including a posthumous Academy Award for Best Cinematography. The film explores several themes, including the consequence of violence and father-son relationships.\nThe film was released on July 12, 2002, and eventually grossed over $180 million worldwide. The cinematography, setting, and the lead performances by Newman and Hanks were well received by critics. A home media release debuted on February 25, 2003.
/m/051z6rz	Craig Barron is an American visual-effects supervisor who specializes in seamless matte painting effects. He is also a filmmaker, entrepreneur, and film historian. Barron is a member of the Academy Board of Governors, representing the visual effects branch.
/m/01vrncs	Bob Dylan is an American musician, singer-songwriter, artist, and writer. He has been an influential figure in popular music and culture for more than five decades. Much of his most celebrated work dates from the 1960s, when he was an informal chronicler and a seemingly reluctant figurehead of social unrest. A number of Dylan's early songs, such as \"Blowin' in the Wind\" and \"The Times They Are a-Changin'\", became anthems for the US civil rights and anti-war movements. Leaving behind his initial base in the culture of the folk music revival, Dylan's six-minute single \"Like a Rolling Stone\" radically altered the parameters of popular music in 1965. His recordings employing electric instruments attracted denunciation and criticism from others in the folk movement.\nDylan's lyrics have incorporated a variety of political, social, philosophical, and literary influences. They defied existing pop music conventions and appealed hugely to the then burgeoning counterculture. Initially inspired by the performance style of Little Richard, and the songwriting of Woody Guthrie, Robert Johnson, and Hank Williams, Dylan has both amplified and personalized musical genres. His recording career, spanning fifty years, has explored many of the traditions in American song—from folk, blues, and country to gospel, rock and roll, and rockabilly to English, Scottish, and Irish folk music, embracing even jazz and swing. Dylan performs with guitar, keyboards, and harmonica. Backed by a changing line-up of musicians, he has toured steadily since the late 1980s on what has been dubbed the Never Ending Tour. His accomplishments as a recording artist and performer have been central to his career, but his greatest contribution is generally considered his songwriting.
/m/01s7zw	William \"Bill\" Paxton is an American actor and film director. He gained popularity after starring roles in the films Apollo 13, Weird Science, Twister, Aliens, True Lies, and Titanic. Paxton starred in the HBO series Big Love and was nominated for an Emmy Award for the miniseries Hatfields & McCoys.
/m/014lc_	Star Trek: Nemesis is a 2002 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the tenth feature film in the Star Trek franchise and the last of the Star Trek films to include the entire main cast of the Star Trek: The Next Generation television series. It was directed by Stuart Baird and written by John Logan. The crew of the USS Enterprise-E are forced to deal with a threat to the United Federation of Planets from a Reman clone of Captain Picard named Shinzon who has taken control of the Romulan Star Empire in a coup d'état.\nPrincipal photography took place from November 2001 to March 2002. Jerry Goldsmith composed the film's score. The film was released in North America on December 13, 2002. The film received generally mixed reviews, with publications criticizing the film for being the least successful in the Star Trek franchise. The film went on to earn $67,312,826 worldwide and was a financial failure. Following the failure of the film and the cancellation of Star Trek: Enterprise, Berman and Erik Jendresen began development on the unproduced Star Trek: The Beginning. Three years later, Viacom split from CBS Corporation and Paramount eventually rebooted the film series in 2009 with Star Trek by J. J. Abrams.
/m/01jssp	The University of Pittsburgh is a state-related research university located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded on the edge of the American frontier as the Pittsburgh Academy in 1787, and evolved into the Western University of Pennsylvania by alteration of its charter in 1819. After surviving two devastating fires and various relocations within the area, the school moved to its current location in the Oakland neighborhood of the city and was renamed to the University of Pittsburgh in 1908. For most of its history Pitt was a private institution, until it became part of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education in 1966.\nThe university comprises 17 undergraduate and graduate schools and colleges located at its urban Pittsburgh campus, home to the university's central administration and 28,766 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The university also includes four additional undergraduate schools located at campuses within Western Pennsylvania: Bradford, Greensburg, Johnstown, and Titusville. The 132-acre Pittsburgh campus comprises multiple historic buildings of the Schenley Farms Historic District, most notably its 42-story gothic revival centerpiece, the Cathedral of Learning. The campus is situated adjacent to the flagship medical facilities of its closely affiliated University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, as well as the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, Schenley Park, and Carnegie Mellon University.
/m/0cl_m	William Tecumseh Sherman was an American soldier, businessman, educator and author. He served as a General in the Union Army during the American Civil War, for which he received recognition for his outstanding command of military strategy as well as criticism for the harshness of the \"scorched earth\" policies that he implemented in conducting total war against the Confederate States.\nSherman served under General Ulysses S. Grant in 1862 and 1863 during the campaigns that led to the fall of the Confederate stronghold of Vicksburg on the Mississippi River and culminated with the routing of the Confederate armies in the state of Tennessee. In 1864, Sherman succeeded Grant as the Union commander in the western theater of the war. He proceeded to lead his troops to the capture of the city of Atlanta, a military success that contributed to the re-election of President Abraham Lincoln. Sherman's subsequent march through Georgia and the Carolinas further undermined the Confederacy's ability to continue fighting. He accepted the surrender of all the Confederate armies in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida in April 1865.\nWhen Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army. As such, he was responsible for the U.S. Army's engagement in the Indian Wars over the next 15 years, in the western United States. He steadfastly refused to be drawn into politics and in 1875 published his Memoirs, one of the best-known first-hand accounts of the Civil War. British military historian B. H. Liddell Hart famously declared that Sherman was \"the first modern general\".
/m/02b14q	Cheltenham Town Football Club is an English football club playing in League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system. Founded in 1887, the team has played at four different grounds, namely Agg-Gardner's Recreation Ground, Carter's Field and now the Abbey Business Stadium, although it is more commonly known as Whaddon Road. Their nickname is The Robins. The club appointed Mark Yates as manager on 22 December 2009.\nCheltenham have played as high as League One, the third tier of English football, and have played a total of four seasons there. Their best FA Cup run saw them reach the last 16 in 2002. The last piece of silverware won by the club was the Football Conference title in 1999, when the club attained full League status for the first time. The club is affiliated to the Gloucestershire County FA.
/m/0135nb	Christopher Roland \"Chris\" Waddle is an English former professional footballer, manager and current Football commentator and pundit. He still plays at semi-professional level for Northern Counties East League side Hallam, as well as being contracted to ESPN as part of their commentary team.\nDuring his professional career that lasted from 1978 to 1998, he played for clubs including Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur and Sheffield Wednesday in England, and Olympique de Marseille in France. Waddle earned 62 caps for the England national football team between 1985 and 1991, and was a member of England's squads for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 1988, and the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He famously missed one of the penalties in England's World Cup 1990 semi-final shootout defeat against West Germany. Having left Sheffield Wednesday and the Premier League in 1996, he had a brief stint with Scottish Premier League side Falkirk. He returned to England with Football League sides Bradford City and Sunderland. In 1997 he became player/manager of Burnley but having failed to gain promotion from Division Two, he quit and joined Division Three side Torquay United as a full-time player. His time at United didn't last very long and he decided to retire from professional football. In 2000 he came out of retirement by signing for semi-professional side Worksop Town of the Northern Premier League, where he remained for two years and also helped out on the club's coaching side. Having left Worksop in 2002, he moved further on down the football ladder by having brief stints with both Glapwell and Stocksbridge Park Steels before officially hanging his boots up in 2002.
/m/0g2c8	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States. It is dedicated to archiving the history of some of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, engineers and others who have, in some major way, influenced the music industry through the genre of rock music. The museum is part of the city's redeveloped North Coast Harbor.
/m/06w2sn5	Justin Drew Bieber is a Canadian pop musician, actor, and singer-songwriter. Bieber was discovered in 2008 by American talent manager Scooter Braun, who came across Bieber's videos on YouTube and later became his manager. Braun arranged for him to meet with entertainer Usher Raymond in Atlanta, Georgia. Bieber was signed to Raymond Braun Media Group, and then to an Island Records recording contract offered by record executive L.A. Reid.\nHis debut extended play, the seven-track My World, was released in November 2009, and was certified platinum in the United States. He became the first artist to have seven songs from a debut record to chart on the Billboard Hot 100. Bieber's first full-length studio album, My World 2.0, was released in March 2010. It debuted at or near number-one in several countries and was certified platinum in the United States. It was preceded by the single \"Baby\". He followed up the release of his debut album with his first headlining tour, the My World Tour, the remix albums My Worlds Acoustic and Never Say Never – The Remixes, and the 3D biopic-concert film Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Bieber released his second studio album Under the Mistletoe in November 2011, when it debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200. Bieber released his third studio album Believe on June 19, 2012, and it became his fourth chart topper in the United States, debuting at number-one on the Billboard 200.
/m/01pl14	Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College is a public coeducational university located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The University was founded in 1853 in what is now known as Pineville, Louisiana, under the name Louisiana State Seminary of Learning & Military Academy. The current LSU main campus was dedicated in 1926, and consists of more than 250 buildings constructed in the style of Italian Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio, and occupies a 650-acre plateau on the banks of the Mississippi River.\nLSU is the flagship institution of the Louisiana State University System, and the largest institution of higher education in Louisiana in terms of student enrollment. In 2011, the University enrolled nearly 24,000 undergraduate and over 5,000 graduate students in 14 schools and colleges. Several of LSU's graduate schools, such as the E.J. Ourso College of Business and the Paul M. Hebert Law Center, have received national recognition in their respective fields of study. Designated as a land-grant, sea-grant and space-grant institution, LSU is also noted for its extensive research facilities, operating some 800 sponsored research projects funded by agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
/m/0bzk8w	The 46th Academy Awards were presented April 2, 1974, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by John Huston, Diana Ross, Burt Reynolds, David Niven.\nWhile David Niven was introducing Elizabeth Taylor to present the award for Best Picture, a streaker named Robert Opel ran out from backstage, a moment which showed David Niven's natural aplomb as he quickly quipped about the man's \"shortcomings\".
/m/0bmc4cm	13 Assassins is a 2010 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Takashi Miike.\nA samurai epic with a loose historical basis, the film was produced by Toshiaki Nakazawa, who also produced the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film Departures. Jeremy Thomas, the film's executive producer, has a reputation for successfully bringing Asian titles into the international market, most notably Bernardo Bertolucci's nine-time Oscar winner The Last Emperor, Nagisa Ôshima's Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence and Takeshi Kitano's Brother.\nThe film is a remake of Eiichi Kudo’s 1963 black-and-white Japanese film of the same name, Jûsan-nin no shikaku. The screenplay was written by Daisuke Tengan.\nThe film stars Koji Yakusho, whose credits include Memoirs of a Geisha and Shall We Dance, along with Takayuki Yamada, Sōsuke Takaoka, Hiroki Matsukata, and Kazuki Namioka.\nIt was nominated for Best Film at the 34th Japan Academy Prize.\nIt is the third film in which Yamada and Takaoka co-starred, the first two being Crows Zero and Crows Zero 2, both directed by Miike.
/m/02v49c	David William \"Dave\" Thomas is a Canadian comedian, actor and television writer. He is best known for portraying Doug McKenzie on SCTV as well as in the films Bob & Doug and Strange Brew, which he also directed.
/m/01kqq7	Wild at Heart is a 1990 American crime thriller film written and directed by David Lynch, and based on Barry Gifford's 1989 novel of the same name. Both the book and the film revolve around Sailor Ripley and Lula Pace Fortune, a young couple from Cape Fear, North Carolina who go on the run from her domineering mother. Due to her mother's machinations, the mob becomes involved.\nLynch was originally going to produce, but after reading Gifford's book decided to also write and direct the film. He did not like the ending of the novel and decided to change it in order to stay true to his vision of the main characters. Wild at Heart is a road movie and includes several allusions to The Wizard of Oz as well as Elvis Presley and his movies.\nEarly test screenings for the film did not go well; Lynch estimated that 80 people walked out of the first test screening and 100 in the next. The film received mixed to negative critical reviews and was a moderate success at the US box office, grossing USD$14 million, above its $10 million budget. The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival, at which it received both negative and positive attention from its audience. Diane Ladd was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for both the Academy Awards and the Golden Globes.
/m/01nn6c	Nicholas Berkeley \"Nick\" Mason is an English musician and composer, best known as the drummer of Pink Floyd. He is the only constant member of the band since its formation in 1965. Despite solely writing only a few Pink Floyd songs, Mason has co-written some of Pink Floyd's most popular compositions such as \"Echoes\" and \"Time\".\nMason is the only Pink Floyd member to be featured on every one of their albums. It is estimated that as of 2010, the group have sold over 250 million records worldwide, including 74.5 million units sold in the United States.\nHe competes in auto racing events, such as the 24 Hours of Le Mans.\nOn 26 November 2012, Mason received an Honorary Doctor of Letters from the University of Westminster at the presentation ceremony of the School of Architecture and Built Environment.
/m/080dwhx	Boardwalk Empire is an American period drama series from premium cable channel HBO, set in Atlantic City, New Jersey, during the Prohibition era. It stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson. Primetime Emmy Award-winning screenwriter and producer Terence Winter created the show inspired by the book Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times, and Corruption of Atlantic City by Nelson Johnson about historical criminal kingpin Enoch L. Johnson.\nThe pilot episode, directed by Martin Scorsese, was produced at a cost of $18 million. On September 1, 2009, HBO picked up the series for an additional 11 episodes. The series premiered on September 19, 2010 and completed its fourth season on November 24, 2013. On September 26, 2013, HBO renewed Boardwalk Empire for a fifth season to air in 2014, which will be its last.\nBoardwalk Empire has received widespread critical acclaim, particularly for its visual style and basis on historical figures, as well as for Buscemi's lead performance. The series has received forty Primetime Emmy Award nominations, including two for Outstanding Drama Series, winning seventeen. The series has also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama in 2011 and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2011 and 2012.
/m/0mbql	The Goonies is a 1985 American adventure–comedy film directed by Richard Donner. The screenplay was written by Chris Columbus from a story by executive producer Steven Spielberg. The film's premise features a band of pre-teens who live in the \"Goon Docks\" neighborhood of Astoria, Oregon attempting to save their homes from demolition, and in doing so, discover an old Spanish map that leads them on an adventure to unearth the long-lost fortune of One-Eyed Willie, a legendary 17th-century pirate.
/m/055td_	The Crucible is a 1996 drama film written by Arthur Miller and based on his play of the same name. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner and stars Daniel Day-Lewis as John Proctor, Winona Ryder as Abigail Williams, Paul Scofield as Judge Thomas Danforth, and Joan Allen as Elizabeth Proctor. Much of the filming took place on Choate Island in Essex, Massachusetts.
/m/09krp	Hesse or Hessia is both a cultural region of Germany and the name of an individual German state.\nThe cultural region of Hesse includes both the State of Hesse and the area known as Rhenish Hesse in the neighbouring Rhineland-Palatinate state. The oldest city of the cultural region of Hesse, Mainz, is in Rhineland-Palatinate.\nThe State of Hesse is part of the larger cultural region. It has an area of 21,110 km² and just over six million inhabitants. The capital is Wiesbaden. Hesse's largest city is Frankfurt am Main.\nThe English name \"Hesse\" comes from the Hessian dialects. The variant \"Hessia\" comes from the medieval Latin Hassia. The German term Hessen is used by the European Commission because their policy is to leave regional names untranslated. The term \"Hesse\" ultimately derives from a Germanic tribe called the Chatti, who settled in the region in the first century B.C.\nAn inhabitant of Hesse is called a Hessian. Hessian mercenaries played a prominent role in the American War of Independence.
/m/0136p1	LaDonna Adrian Gaines, known by her stage name, Donna Sommer, later Donna Summer, was an American singer and songwriter who gained prominence during the disco era of the late 1970s. A five-time Grammy Award winner, Summer was the first artist to have three consecutive double albums reach number one on the United States Billboard album chart and charted four number-one singles in the United States within a 13-month period. Summer has sold over 100 million records, making her one of the world's best-selling artists of all time.\nBorn into a devoutly Christian middle-class family in Boston, Massachusetts, Summer first became involved with singing through church choir groups before joining a number of bands influenced by the Motown Sound. Also influenced by the counterculture of the 1960s, she became the front singer of a psychedelic rock band named Crow and moved to New York City. Joining a touring version of the musical Hair, she left New York and spent several years living, acting, and singing in West Germany, where she met music producer Giorgio Moroder. Also while in Europe, she married Helmut Sommer. After their divorce, she would keep his surname for her stage name; dropping the \"o\" and replacing it with a \"u\" for \"Summer\".
/m/04g3p5	Edward M. Zwick is an American filmmaker and film producer noted for his films about social and racial issues. He has been described as a \"throwback to an earlier era, an extremely cerebral director whose movies consistently feature fully rounded characters, difficult moral issues, and plots that thrive on the ambiguity of authority.\"
/m/02m30v	Joan Geraldine Bennett was an American stage, film and television actress. Besides acting on the stage, Bennett appeared in more than 70 motion pictures from the era of silent movies well into the sound era. She is possibly best-remembered for her film noir femme fatale roles in director Fritz Lang's movies such as The Woman in the Window and Scarlet Street.\nBennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career, first as a winsome blonde ingenue, then as a sensuous brunette femme fatale, and finally as a warmhearted wife/mother figure.\nIn 1951, Bennett's screen career was marred by scandal after her third husband, film producer Walter Wanger, shot and injured her agent Jennings Lang. Wanger suspected that Lang and Bennett were having an affair, a charge which she adamantly denied.\nIn the 1960s, she achieved success for her portrayal of Elizabeth Collins Stoddard on TV's Dark Shadows, for which she received an Emmy nomination. For her final movie role, as Madame Blanc in Suspiria, she received a Saturn Award nomination. In her 'New York Times' obituary she was said to be \"...one of the most underrated actresses of her time\".
/m/01wx756	Robert \"Waddy\" Wachtel is an American musician, composer and record producer, most notable for his guitar work. Wachtel's passion for music and ease of adaptation toward a variety of genres have placed him in a position as one of the most in-demand session musicians throughout his career, playing with high-profile rock musicians that include Linda Ronstadt, Stevie Nicks, Keith Richards, James Taylor, Iggy Pop, Warren Zevon, Bryan Ferry and Jackson Browne, amongst others, both in the studio, and on tour.
/m/02m__	Exeter is a historic city in Devon, England. It lies within the ceremonial county of Devon, of which it is the county town as well as the home of Devon County Council. Currently the administrative area has the status of a non-metropolitan district, and is therefore under the administration of the County Council. The city is on the River Exe, about 37 miles northeast of Plymouth, and 70 miles southwest of Bristol. According to the 2011 Census, its population in that year was 117,773.\nExeter was the most south-westerly Roman fortified settlement in Britain. Exeter Cathedral, founded in the early 12th century, became Anglican at the time of the 16th-century Reformation.\nThe city's transport hubs include Exeter St Davids railway station, Exeter Central railway station, the M5 motorway and Exeter International Airport connecting the city both nationally and internationally.
/m/04fyhv	Andrew George Vajna is a Hungarian film producer.
/m/01h8sf	The University of Keele, commonly known as Keele University, is a public research campus university about 2 miles from Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, England. Keele was granted university status by Royal Charter in 1962, and was originally founded in 1949 as the 'University College of North Staffordshire', as an experimental college dedicated to a broad curriculum and interdisciplinary study. Today, Keele University is notable for pioneering the dual honours degree in Britain.\nThe university occupies a 620 acre rural campus close to the village of Keele and has a science park and a conference centre, making it the largest main campus university in the UK. The university's School of Medicine operates the clinical part of their courses from a separate campus at the University Hospital of North Staffordshire in Hartshill, Stoke-on-Trent. The school of nursing and midwifery is based at the nearby clinical education centre.
/m/05ypj5	The Glenn Miller Story is a 1954 American film about the eponymous American band-leader, directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart in their first non-western collaboration. Universal-International's first public announcements, early in 1953, employed the soon-discarded title, \"Moonlight Serenade.\"
/m/05qjt	Physics is the natural science that involves the study of matter and its motion through space and time, along with related concepts such as energy and force. More broadly, it is the general analysis of nature, conducted in order to understand how the universe behaves.\nPhysics is one of the oldest academic disciplines, perhaps the oldest through its inclusion of astronomy. Over the last two millennia, physics was a part of natural philosophy along with chemistry, certain branches of mathematics, and biology, but during the Scientific Revolution in the 17th century, the natural sciences emerged as unique research programs in their own right. Physics intersects with many interdisciplinary areas of research, such as biophysics and quantum chemistry, and the boundaries of physics are not rigidly defined. New ideas in physics often explain the fundamental mechanisms of other sciences while opening new avenues of research in areas such as mathematics and philosophy.\nPhysics also makes significant contributions through advances in new technologies that arise from theoretical breakthroughs. For example, advances in the understanding of electromagnetism or nuclear physics led directly to the development of new products which have dramatically transformed modern-day society, such as television, computers, domestic appliances, and nuclear weapons; advances in thermodynamics led to the development of industrialization; and advances in mechanics inspired the development of calculus.
/m/03s9b	Ernst Ingmar Bergman was a Swedish director, writer and producer for film, stage and television. He is recognized as one of the most accomplished and influential film directors of all time.\nHe directed over sixty films and documentaries for cinematic release and for television, most of which he also wrote. He also directed over one hundred and seventy plays. Among his company of actors were Harriet Andersson, Liv Ullmann, Gunnar Björnstrand, Bibi Andersson, Erland Josephson, Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow. Most of his films were set in the landscape of Sweden. His work often dealt with death, illness, faith, betrayal, bleakness and insanity.
/m/0b_fw	Antonio Rodolfo Quinn Oaxaca, more commonly known as Anthony Quinn, was a Mexican actor, as well as a painter and writer. He starred in numerous critically acclaimed and commercially successful films, including La Strada, The Guns of Navarone, Lawrence of Arabia, Zorba the Greek, Guns for San Sebastian, The Message and Lion of the Desert. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor twice: for Viva Zapata! in 1952 and Lust for Life in 1956.
/m/02g_7z	The tight end is a position in American football and formerly Canadian football, on the offense. The tight end is often seen as a hybrid position with the characteristics and roles of both an offensive lineman and a wide receiver. Like offensive linemen, they are usually lined up on the offensive line and are large enough to be effective blockers. On the other hand, they are eligible receivers adept enough to warrant a defense's attention when running pass patterns.\nBecause of the hybrid nature of the position, the tight end's role in any given offense depends on the tactical preferences and philosophy of the head coach. In some systems, the tight end will merely act as a sixth offensive lineman rarely going out for passes. Other systems utilize the tight end primarily as a receiver, frequently taking advantage of the tight end's size to create mismatches in the defensive secondary. Many coaches will often have one tight end who specializes in blocking in running situations while utilizing a better pass catching tight end in obvious passing situations.\nOffensive formations may have between zero and three tight ends at one time. If a wide receiver is present in a formation, but outside the tight end, the wide receiver must be positioned behind the line of scrimmage. If two tight ends are on the same side of the line of scrimmage, one must be behind the line of scrimmage.
/m/0249fn	The Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album was awarded from 1988 to 2011. From 2001 to 2003 the award recipients included the producers and engineers as well as the artists. Until 1992 the award was known as Best Contemporary Blues Performance and in 1989 was awarded to a song rather than to an album..\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, this category will merge with the Best Traditional Blues Album category to form the new Best Blues Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/07g9f	The X-Files is an American science fiction horror drama television series created by Chris Carter. The program originally aired from September 10, 1993 to May 19, 2002, spanning nine seasons and 202 episodes. The series revolves around FBI Special Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully investigating X-Files: marginalized, unsolved cases involving paranormal phenomena. Mulder believes in the existence of aliens and the paranormal while Scully, a skeptic, is assigned to make scientific analyses of Mulder's discoveries to debunk his work and thus return him to mainstream cases. Early in the series, both agents become pawns in a larger conflict and come to trust only each other. They develop a close relationship, which begins as a platonic friendship, but becomes a romance by series end. In addition to the series-spanning story arc, \"Monster-of-the-Week\" episodes form roughly two-thirds of the episodes. Such stand-alone episodes enrich the show's background while not affecting its ongoing mythology.\nThe X-Files was inspired by shows like Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, Tales from the Darkside and especially Kolchak: The Night Stalker and The Invaders. When creating the main characters, Carter sought to reverse gender stereotypes by making Mulder a believer and Scully a skeptic. The first seven seasons featured Duchovny and Anderson equally. In the last two Anderson took precedence while Duchovny appeared intermittently, following a lawsuit. New main characters were introduced: FBI agents John Doggett and Monica Reyes. Mulder and Scully's boss, Assistant Director Walter Skinner, also became a main character. The first five seasons of The X-Files were filmed and produced in Vancouver, British Columbia, before eventually moving to Los Angeles, California to accommodate Duchovny.
/m/04wp63	Benjamin \"Ben\" Burtt, Jr. is an American sound designer, film editor, director, screenwriter, and voice actor. He has worked as sound designer on various films including: the Star Wars and Indiana Jones film series, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and WALL-E.\nHe is most notable for creating many of the iconic sound effects heard in the Star Wars film franchise, including the \"voice\" of R2-D2, the lightsaber hum, the sound of the blaster guns, and the heavy-breathing sound of Darth Vader.\nThe winner of four Academy Awards, he is the director of various documentary films. He is also the editor of the three films of the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
/m/03sbs	Immanuel Kant was a Prussian philosopher who is widely considered to be a central figure of modern philosophy. He argued that human concepts and categories structure our view of the world and its laws, and that reason is the source of morality. His thought continues to have a major influence in contemporary thought, especially in fields such as metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, political philosophy, and aesthetics.\nKant's major work, the Critique of Pure Reason, aimed to bring reason together with experience and to move beyond what he took to be failures of traditional philosophy and metaphysics. He hoped to end an age of speculation where objects outside experience were seen to support what he saw as futile theories, while resisting the skepticism of thinkers such as David Hume.\nKant proposed a \"Copernican Revolution-in-reverse\". In simple terms, Kant argued that our experiences are structured by necessary features of our minds. The mind shapes and structures experience so that, on an abstract level, all human experience shares certain essential structural features. Among other things, Kant believed that the concepts of space and time are integral to all human experience, as are our concepts of cause and effect. We never have direct experience of things, the noumenal world, and what we do experience is the phenomenal world as conveyed by our senses. These observations summarize Kant's views upon the subject–object problem.
/m/0bn9sc	Bradley \"Brad\" Jones is an Australian football player who plays for Liverpool as a goalkeeper. He was a member of the Middlesbrough team for over a decade as well as having a number of loan spells at a succession of lower league clubs; Stockport, Rotherham United, Blackpool and Sheffield Wednesday, he also had a brief loan spell in Ireland with Shelbourne. In August 2010, he made a £2.3m move to Liverpool.
/m/0cy07	Canterbury is an historic English cathedral city and UNESCO World Heritage Site, which lies at the heart of the City of Canterbury, a local government district of Kent in South East England. It lies on the River Stour.\nOriginally a Brythonic settlement called *Durou̯ernon, it was renamed Durovernum Cantiacorum by the Roman conquerors in the 1st century AD. After it became the chief Jutish settlement, it gained its English name Canterbury, itself derived from the Old English Cantwareburh. After the Kingdom of Kent's conversion to Christianity in 597, St Augustine founded an episcopal see in the city and became the first Archbishop of Canterbury, a position that now heads the Church of England and the worldwide Anglican Communion. Thomas Becket's murder at Canterbury Cathedral in 1170 led to the cathedral becoming a place of pilgrimage for Christians worldwide. This pilgrimage provided the theme for Geoffrey Chaucer's 14th-century literary classic The Canterbury Tales. The literary heritage continued with the birth of the playwright Christopher Marlowe in the city in the 16th century.
/m/078lk	Sardinia is the second largest island in the Mediterranean Sea and an autonomous region of Italy. The nearest land masses are the island of Corsica, the Italian Peninsula, Sicily, Tunisia, the Balearic Islands and Provence.\nThe region has its capital in its largest city, Cagliari, and is divided into eight provinces. All local languages enjoy \"equal dignity\" with Italian each in the concerned territory by a regional law.
/m/02mp0g	The University of Wyoming is a land-grant university located in Laramie, Wyoming, situated on Wyoming's high Laramie Plains, at an elevation of 7,200 feet, between the Laramie and Snowy Range mountains. It is known as UW to people close to the university. The university was founded in March 1886, four years before the territory was admitted as the 44th state, and opened in September 1887. The University of Wyoming is unusual in that its location within the state is written into the state's constitution. The university also offers outreach education in communities throughout Wyoming and online.\nThe University of Wyoming consists of seven colleges: agriculture and natural resources, arts and sciences, business, education, engineering and applied sciences, health sciences, and law. The university offers over 190 undergraduate, graduate and certificate programs including Doctor of Pharmacy and Juris Doctor. In the top 15 percent of the country's four-year colleges, the University of Wyoming was featured in the 2011 Princeton Review Best 373 Colleges.\nIn addition to on-campus classes in Laramie, the university’s Outreach School offers more than 30 degree, certificate and endorsement programs to distance learners across the state and beyond. These programs are delivered through the use of technology, such as online and video conferencing classes. The Outreach School has nine regional centers across the state, with several on community college campuses, to give Wyoming residents access to a university education without relocating to Laramie.
/m/05rznz	South Sudan, officially the Republic of South Sudan, is a landlocked country in northeastern Africa that gained its independence from Sudan in 2011. Its current capital is Juba, which is also its largest city. The capital city is planned to be changed to the more centrally located Ramciel in the future. South Sudan is bordered by the Republic of Sudan to the north, Ethiopia to the east, Kenya to the southeast, Uganda to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the southwest, and the Central African Republic to the west. It includes the vast swamp region of the Sudd, formed by the White Nile and known locally as the Bahr al Jabal.\nThe territories of modern South Sudan and the Republic of Sudan were occupied by Egypt under the Muhammad Ali Dynasty, and later governed as an Anglo-Egyptian condominium until Sudanese independence was achieved in 1956. Following the First Sudanese Civil War, the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region was formed in 1972 and lasted until 1983. A second Sudanese civil war soon developed and ended with the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005. Later that year, southern autonomy was restored when an Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was formed.
/m/04jspq	John Alan Lasseter is an American animator, film director, screenwriter, producer and the chief creative officer at Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. He is also currently the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering.\nLasseter's first job was with The Walt Disney Company, where he became an animator. Fired from Disney for promoting computer animation, he joined Lucasfilm, where he worked on the then ground breaking use of CGI animation. The Graphics Group of the Computer Division of Lucasfilm was sold to Steve Jobs and became Pixar in 1986. Lasseter oversees all of Pixar's films and associated projects as executive producer. In addition, he directed Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Cars, and Cars 2. Since 2007, he also oversees all of Walt Disney Animation Studios' films and associated projects as executive producer.\nHe has won two Academy Awards, for Animated Short Film, as well as a Special Achievement Award.
/m/0495ys	The Ninety-third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1973 to January 3, 1975, during the end of Richard Nixon's presidency, and the beginning of Gerald Ford's. This Congress was the first Congress with more than two Senate Presidents, in this case, three. After the resignation of Spiro Agnew, Gerald Ford was appointed under the authority of the newly ratified 25th Amendment. Ford became President the next year and Nelson Rockefeller was appointed in his place. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/035d1m	Whitewater slalom is a competitive sport where the aim is to navigate a decked canoe or kayak through a course of hanging gates on river rapids in the fastest time possible. It is one of the two kayak and canoeing disciplines at the Summer Olympics, and is referred to by the International Olympic Committee as Canoe/Kayak slalom. The other Olympic canoeing discipline is canoe sprint. There is also wildwater, a non-Olympic paddlesport. Whitewater slalom racing started in Europe and in the 1940s, the International Canoe Federation was formed to govern the sport. The first World Championships were held in 1949 in Switzerland. From 1949 to 1999, the championships were held every odd-numbered year and have been held annually in non-Summer Olympic years since 2002. Folding kayaks were used from 1949 to 1963; and in the early 1960s, boats were made of fiberglass, and nylon. Boats were heavy, usually over 65 pounds. With the advent of kevlar and carbon fiber being used in the 1970s, the widths of the boats were reduced by the ICF, and the boats were reduced in volume to pass the gates, and boats have become much lighter and faster. From 1949 to 1977, all World Championships were held in Europe. The first World Championship held in North America was held at Jonquiere, in Quebec, Canada in 1979.
/m/06pwf6	Nagarjuna Akkineni is an Indian film actor and producer who works primarily in the Telugu Cinema. He has acted in over ninety films as an actor in a lead, supporting and cameo roles, including Bollywood and Tamil films. He has won two National Film Awards, nine state Nandi Awards and three Filmfare Awards South. He received critical reception for his performance in Biographical films. He enacted the roles of 15th century composer Annamacharya in the 1997 film Annamayya, a 17th-century composer Kancherla Gopanna in the 2006 film Sri Ramadasu and Sai Baba of Shirdi in the 2012 film Shirdi Sai.\nAlong with his brother, Venkat Akkineni, Nagarjuna is the co-owner of the Production company, Annapurna Studios and is the president of the non-profit film school Annapurna International School of Film and Media based in Hyderabad. He is the co-founder of Blue Cross of Hyderabad, a registered society recognized by the Animal Welfare Board of India. He was listed #56 in Forbes India top 100 Celebrities for the year 2012. In 2013, he has represented Cinema of South India at the Delhi Film Festival's 100 Years of Indian Cinema's celebration, alongside Ramesh Sippy and Vishal Bharadwaj from Bollywood. As of 2013, He is the co-owner of Mumbai Masters of Indian Badminton League along with Sunil Gavaskar, and Mahi Racing Team India along with Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
/m/039d4	George Mason University, frequently referred to as GMU, is a public university based in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, United States, south of and adjacent to the city of Fairfax. Additional campuses are located nearby in Arlington County, Prince William County, and Loudoun County. The university's motto is Freedom and Learning while its slogan or tagline is Where Innovation Is Tradition.\nNamed after American revolutionary, patriot, and founding father George Mason, the university was founded as a branch of the University of Virginia in 1957 and became an independent institution in 1972. Today, Mason is recognized for its strong programs in economics, law, creative writing, computer science, and business. In recent years, George Mason faculty have twice won the Nobel Prize in Economics. The university enrolls over 32,500 students, making it the largest university by head count in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
/m/07zl1	Vernor Steffen Vinge is a retired San Diego State University Professor of Mathematics, computer scientist, and science fiction author. He is best known for his Hugo Award-winning novels and novellas A Fire Upon the Deep, A Deepness in the Sky, Rainbows End, Fast Times at Fairmont High, and The Cookie Monster, as well as for his 1984 novel The Peace War and his 1993 essay \"The Coming Technological Singularity\", in which he argues that the creation of superhuman artificial intelligence will mark the point at which \"the human era will be ended\", such that no current models of reality are sufficient to predict beyond it.\nWithin thirty years, we will have the technological means to create superhuman intelligence. Shortly after, the human era will be ended.
/m/03npn	Horror is a film genre seeking to elicit a negative emotional reaction from viewers by playing on the audience's primal fears. Horror films often feature scenes that startle the viewer; the macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes. Thus they may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.\nHorror films often deal with the viewer's nightmares, hidden fears, revulsions and terror of the unknown. Plots within the horror genre often involve the intrusion of an evil force, event, or personage, commonly of supernatural origin, into the everyday world. Prevalent elements include ghosts, aliens, vampires, werewolves, demons, gore, torture, vicious animals, monsters, zombies, cannibals, and serial killers. Conversely, movies about the supernatural are not necessarily always horrific.
/m/019pm_	Demi Guynes Kutcher, known professionally as Demi Moore, is an American actress, film producer, film director, former songwriter, and model. Moore dropped out of high school at age 16 to pursue an acting career, and posed for a nude pictorial in Oui magazine in 1980. After making her film debut in 1981, she appeared on the soap opera General Hospital and subsequently gained recognition for her roles in Blame It on Rio and St. Elmo's Fire. Her first film to become both a critical and commercial hit was About Last Night..., which established her as a Hollywood star.\nIn 1990, Moore starred in Ghost, the highest-grossing film of that year, which brought her a Golden Globe nomination. She had a string of additional box-office successes over the early 1990s with A Few Good Men, Indecent Proposal, and Disclosure. In 1996, Moore became the highest-paid actress in film history when she was paid a then-unprecedented fee of $12.5 million to star in Striptease. The high-profile disappointment of that film as well as her next, G.I. Jane, was followed by a lengthy hiatus and significant downturn in Moore's career, although she has remained a subject of substantial media interest during the years since.
/m/02t__3	Timothy Tarquin Hutton is an American actor and director.\nHe is the youngest actor to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, which he won at the age of 20 for his performance as Conrad Jarrett in Ordinary People. Hutton has since appeared regularly in feature films and on television, with featured roles in Taps, The Falcon and the Snowman, and The Dark Half, among others.\nBetween 2008 and 2012, he starred as Nathan \"Nate\" Ford on the TNT drama series Leverage. The final episode aired on December 25, 2012.
/m/02_fz3	Face/Off is a 1997 American action film directed by John Woo and starring John Travolta and Nicolas Cage as an FBI agent and a terrorist, sworn enemies who assume the physical appearance of one another. The film exemplifies Woo's signature gun fu and heroic bloodshed action sequences, and has Travolta and Cage each playing two personalities. It was the first Hollywood film in which Woo was given complete creative control and was acclaimed by both audiences and critics. Eventually grossing $245 million worldwide, Face/Off was a financial success.
/m/059t6d	Aidan Gillen is an Irish stage and screen actor. He is best known for his roles as Stuart Alan Jones in the Channel 4 series, Queer as Folk, John Boy in the Irish crime drama, Love/Hate, Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish in HBO's series, Game of Thrones and Tommy Carcetti in the HBO drama The Wire. He is the current host of Other Voices. He has been nominated for the British Academy Television Award, the British Independent Film Award and a Tony Award, and has won two Irish Film & Television Awards.
/m/018009	Eric Bana is an Australian film and television actor. He began his career as a comedian in the sketch comedy series Full Frontal before gaining critical recognition in the biographical film Chopper. After a decade of roles in Australian TV shows and films, Bana gained Hollywood's attention for his performance in Black Hawk Down and by playing the lead role as Hulk/Bruce Banner in the Ang Lee-directed Marvel Comics film Hulk with Jennifer Connelly. He has since played Hector in the movie Troy, the lead in Steven Spielberg's Munich, and the villain Nero in the science-fiction film Star Trek.\nAn accomplished dramatic actor and comedian, he received Australia's highest film and television awards for his performances in Chopper, Full Frontal and Romulus, My Father. Bana has performed across a wide spectrum of leading roles in a variety of low-budget and major studio films, ranging from romantic comedies and drama to science fiction and action thrillers.
/m/07jnt	The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont and starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman.\nAdapted from the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne, a banker who spends 19 years in Shawshank State Prison for the murder of his wife and her lover despite his claims of innocence. During his time at the prison, he befriends a fellow inmate, Ellis Boyd \"Red\" Redding, and finds himself protected by the guards after the warden begins using him in his money laundering operation.\nDespite a lukewarm box office reception that barely recouped its budget, the film received multiple award nominations and favorable reviews from critics for its acting and realism. It has since enjoyed a remarkable life on cable television, VHS, DVD, and Blu-ray. It was included in the American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Movies 10th Anniversary Edition.
/m/037d35	Paul Joseph Schrader is a U.S. screenwriter, film director, and film critic. Schrader wrote or cowrote screen-plays for the Martin Scorsese classics Taxi Driver and Raging Bull, both considered among the greatest films ever made, and has directed 18 feature films, including his 1982 remake of the horror classic Cat People, and critically acclaimed dramas American Gigolo, Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters, Affliction and Auto Focus.
/m/01vx2h	Visual effects are the various processes by which imagery is created and/or manipulated outside the context of a live action shot. Visual effects involve the integration of live-action footage and generated imagery to create environments which look realistic, but would be dangerous, expensive, impractical, or simply impossible to capture on film. Visual effects using computer generated imagery has recently become accessible to the independent filmmaker with the introduction of affordable and user friendly animation and compositing software.
/m/0gps0z	Nicole Prescovia Elikolani Valiente Scherzinger is an American singer, songwriter, television personality, and philanthropist. Born in Honolulu, Hawaii and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, she was exposed to mainstream success with an appearance on the television series Popstars as a member of Eden's Crush. She then joined burlesque-inspired girl group The Pussycat Dolls as lead singer; it was a major breakthrough in her career that brought her to widespread prominence. She recorded the group's debut album PCD; it sold 10 million copies worldwide and its singles broke records previously never reached by girl groups.\nScherzinger executive-produced the group's second and final album Doll Domination; it sold 6 million copies worldwide and spawned worldwide hits \"When I Grow Up\" and \"I Hate This Part\". The group disbandment followed a year later from internal conflict due to the overemphasis on Scherzinger, and the subordinate treatment of the other members. Scherzinger's long-delayed debut solo album, Killer Love, incorporated elements of eurodance and club pop music; its singles \"Don't Hold Your Breath\" and \"Right There\" charted within the top-ten in several countries worldwide. Scherzinger left Interscope Records in late 2013 and signed a multi-million dollar contract with Sony Music Entertainment and RCA Records. From 2012 to 2013, Scherzinger served as a judge on the UK version of The X Factor and won with James Arthur in her first year.
/m/01nr36	Timothy Francis \"Tim\" Robbins is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, activist and musician. He is known for his roles as Nuke in Bull Durham, Jacob Singer in Jacob's Ladder, Griffin Mill in The Player, Andy Dufresne in The Shawshank Redemption, and as Dave Boyle in Mystic River, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/031778	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a 2002 fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the second instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman. The story follows Harry Potter's second year at Hogwarts as the Heir of Salazar Slytherin opens the Chamber of Secrets, unleashing a deadly monster that petrifies the school's pupils. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and is followed by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.\nIt was released on 15 November 2002 in the United Kingdom and North America. The film was very well received at the box office, making US$879 million worldwide and is the 32nd highest-grossing film of all time. and the seventh highest-grossing film in the Harry Potter series. It was nominated for three BAFTA Film Awards in 2003.
/m/02v8kmz	A veteran Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth's liberal views, formed in the 60s and 70s, have lost favor with voters, and so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife (Christine Baranski)\nhave been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a\nhappy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image.\nIn another self-serving campaign effort, Bulworth purchases a $10 million life insurance\npolicy in exchange for a favorable vote for his insurance company.\nTired with the state of affairs and politics in general, he then orders\na hit on himself to be executed\nwithin two days' time. Here, Bulworth takes a major turn, politically\nand personally. Knowing his time left on earth is short, he begins\nspeaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN\nfilm crew following his campaign. His frank, potentially offensive\nremarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign.\nAfter becoming involved with an African American radical Nina (Halle Berry), Bulworth tries to set his sordid political track-record straight while he is pursued by the paparazzi,\nhis insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina's protective\ndrug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before\nhis impending assassination. - From Wikipedia: removed header material
/m/026c0p	Roy Mitchell Kinnear was a British character actor. He was familiar to UK audiences for his appearances in many British television comedy shows, and is also remembered for his film appearances as Veruca Salt's father, Mr. Salt, in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and as Planchet in Richard Lester's The Three Musketeers and its two sequels. It was during the filming of the latter sequel that Kinnear died as a result of a riding accident.
/m/09hd6f	Javier \"Javi\" Grillo-Marxuach, born October 28, 1969 in San Juan, Puerto Rico, is a television screenwriter and producer, known for his work as writer and producer on the first two seasons of the ABC television series Lost, as well as other series including Charmed and Law and Order: Special Victims Unit.
/m/03rt9	Ireland, also commonly referred to as the Republic of Ireland, is a sovereign state in Europe occupying about five-sixths of the island of Ireland. The capital and largest city is Dublin, located in the eastern part of the island, whose metropolitan area is home to around a quarter of the country's 4.6 million inhabitants. The state shares its only land border with Northern Ireland, one of the constituent countries of the United Kingdom. It is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the Celtic Sea to the south, Saint George's Channel to the south east, and the Irish Sea to the east. It is a unitary, parliamentary republic with an elected president serving as head of state. The head of government, the Taoiseach, is nominated by the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.\nFollowing the Irish War of Independence, which resulted in the Anglo-Irish Treaty, the modern Ireland gained effective independence from the United Kingdom as the Irish Free State in 1922. Northern Ireland exercised an option to remain in the United Kingdom. Initially a dominion within the British Empire, the Free State received official British recognition of full legislative independence in the Statute of Westminster of 1931. A new constitution was adopted in 1937, by which the name of the state became Ireland. In 1949 the remaining duties of the king—defined by the Executive Authority Act 1936—were removed and Ireland was declared a republic under the Republic of Ireland Act 1948. The state had no formal relations with Northern Ireland for most of the twentieth century, but since 1999 the two have co-operated on a number of policy areas under the North-South Ministerial Council created under the Good Friday Agreement.
/m/05k2s_	Tom Noonan is an American actor and film writer-director.
/m/02jtjz	Julia O'Hara Stiles is an American actress. She first gained prominence for her lead roles in teen films such as 10 Things I Hate About You, Down to You and Save the Last Dance. Her career progressed to starring in films such as The Business of Strangers, Mona Lisa Smile and The Omen. She also played the supporting character Nicky Parsons in the Bourne film series.\nShe guest starred as Lumen Pierce in the fifth season of the Showtime series Dexter, a role that earned her Emmy Award nomination and Golden Globe Award nomination. Most recently, Stiles had a supporting role in Silver Linings Playbook, and also appears in Blue, a YouTube series from WIGS.
/m/01pgzn_	Lindsay Morgan Lohan is an American actress, model and recording artist. She began her career as a child fashion model when she was three, and was later featured on the soap opera Another World for a year when she was 10. At age 11, Lohan made her motion picture debut in Disney's remake of The Parent Trap, a critical and commercial hit. Her next motion picture, Disney's remake of Freaky Friday, was also a success at the box office and with critics. With the release of Mean Girls, another critical and commercial success, Lohan became a household name and a frequent focus of paparazzi and tabloids. The two films earned her several MTV Movie Awards and Teen Choice Awards.\nLohan's debut studio album, Speak, was certified platinum. Her second album, A Little More Personal, was certified gold. In 2005, Lohan starred in Disney's Herbie: Fully Loaded, another box office success. In 2006, she received positive comments on her work in independent films, including Robert Altman's A Prairie Home Companion and Emilio Estevez's Bobby. In 2007, two driving under the influence incidents led to Lohan being put on probation, and together with three visits to rehabilitation facilities caused the loss of several movie deals.
/m/032ft5	The Ninety-fourth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1975 to January 3, 1977, during the administration of U.S. President Gerald Ford.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/0dq9wx	Lauren Katherine Conrad, also known by her nickname L.C., is an American television personality, fashion designer, and author. Born and raised in Laguna Beach, California, she attended Laguna Beach High School. In September 2004 at the age of 18, Conrad came to prominence after being cast in the reality television series Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County, which documented the lives of her and her friends.\nAfter moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the fashion industry in May 2006, Conrad was commissioned to star in her own spin-off series The Hills, which chronicled the personal and professional lives of her and friends Heidi Montag, Audrina Patridge, and Whitney Port. During its production, she attended the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising and held positions with Teen Vogue and Kelly Cutrone's PR firm People's Revolution. As the series progressed, a widely publicized feud developed between Conrad against Montag and her boyfriend Spencer Pratt. Consequentially, the conflict became the central focus of the series, and was carried through each subsequent season in which Conrad appeared.\nIn May 2009, Conrad left The Hills after five seasons, and was replaced by former Laguna Beach cast member Kristin Cavallari. She filmed an alternate ending for the series finale in July 2010, which was broadcast in August 2013. Conrad launched the fashion lines \"LC Lauren Conrad\" and \"Paper Crown\" in 2009 and 2011, respectively. She released the L.A. Candy book trilogy in 2010 and the spin-off The Fame Game series in 2012. Conrad became engaged to musician William Tell in 2013.
/m/07p12s	Miami Vice is a 2006 American crime drama film about two Miami police detectives, Crockett and Tubbs, who go undercover to fight drug trafficking operations. The film is an adaptation of the 1980s TV series of the same name, written, produced, and directed by Michael Mann. The film stars Jamie Foxx as Tubbs and Colin Farrell as Crockett, as well as Chinese actress Gong Li as Isabella.
/m/0pqc5	In many countries, a mayor is the highest-ranking officer in the municipal government of a town or a large urban city.\nIn many municipal systems the mayor serves as chief executive officer and/or ceremonial official of many types of municipalities. Worldwide, there is a wide variance in local laws and customs regarding the powers and responsibilities of a mayor, as well as the means by which a mayor is elected or otherwise mandated.
/m/07cw4	Taxi Driver is a 1976 American vigilante film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader. Set in New York City soon after the end of the Vietnam War, the film stars Robert De Niro and features Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Cybill Shepherd, Peter Boyle, and Albert Brooks.\nIt is regularly cited by critics, film directors and audiences alike as one of the greatest films of all time. Nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, it won the Palme d'Or at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival. The American Film Institute ranked Taxi Driver as the 52nd greatest American film on their AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies list. In 2012, Sight & Sound named it the 31st best film ever created on its decadal critics' poll, ranked with The Godfather Part II, and the 5th greatest film ever on its directors' poll. The film was considered \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant by the US Library of Congress and was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in 1994.
/m/02qwzkm	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Editing is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian film editor.
/m/085pr	William Goldman is an American novelist, playwright, and screenwriter. He came to prominence in the 1950s as a novelist, before turning to writing for film. He has won two Academy Awards for his screenplays, first for the western Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and again for All the President's Men, about journalists who broke the Watergate scandal of President Richard Nixon. Both films starred Robert Redford.\nHis other notable works include his thriller novel Marathon Man and comedy-fantasy novel The Princess Bride, both of which Goldman adapted for film.
/m/0kh6b	Sir David Frederick Attenborough OM CH CVO CBE FRS FZS FSA is an English broadcaster and naturalist.\nHis career as the face and voice of natural history programmes has endured for 60 years. He is best known for writing and presenting the nine Life series, in conjunction with the BBC Natural History Unit, which collectively form a comprehensive survey of all life on the planet. He is also a former senior manager at the BBC, having served as controller of BBC Two and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s. He is the only person to have won BAFTAs for programmes in each of black and white, colour, HD and 3D.\nAttenborough is widely considered a national treasure in Britain, although he himself does not like the term. In 2002 he was named among the 100 Greatest Britons following a UK-wide vote. He is a younger brother of the director, producer and actor Richard Attenborough.
/m/02x4wr9	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Director is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/046b0s	Village Roadshow Pictures is a leading independent co-producer and co-financier of major Hollywood motion pictures, having released over 70 films since its establishment in 1997 including, as co-productions with Warner Bros., The Great Gatsby, The Matrix Trilogy, The Sherlock Holmes franchise, I Am Legend, the Ocean’s series, Happy Feet, Mystic River, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Get Smart, Sex and the City 2, Gran Torino and The Lego Movie.\nVillage Roadshow Pictures self-distributes its filmed entertainment through affiliates in several territories around the world, including Australia, New Zealand and Singapore.\nThe films in their library have achieved 24 number one domestic box office openings and received 17 Academy Award nominations, eight Academy Awards and four Golden Globe Awards.\nUpcoming releases include Into the Storm; Edge of Tomorrow; Jupiter Ascending; and The Judge.
/m/03_9r	Japanese is an East Asian language spoken by about 125 million speakers, primarily in Japan, where it is the national language. It is a member of the Japonic language family, whose relation to other language groups, particularly to Korean and the suggested Altaic language family, is debated.\nLittle is known of the language's prehistory, or when it first appeared in Japan. Chinese documents from the 3rd century recorded a few Japanese words, but substantial texts did not appear until the 8th century. During the Heian period, Chinese had a considerable influence on the vocabulary and phonology of Old Japanese. Late Middle Japanese saw changes in features that brought it closer to the modern language, as well the first appearance of European loanwords. The standard dialect moved from the Kansai region to the Edo region in the Early Modern Japanese period. Following the end in 1853 of Japan's self-imposed isolation, the flow of loanwords from European languages increased significantly. English loanwords in particular have become frequent, and Japanese words from English roots have proliferated.
/m/04nm0n0	Good is a film based on the stage play of the same name by C. P. Taylor and starring Viggo Mortensen, Jason Isaacs and Jodie Whittaker. It was directed by Vicente Amorim and was first shown at the Toronto International Film Festival on 8 September 2008.
/m/0chgr2	Victoria is a state in the south-east of Australia. Victoria is Australia's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall. Most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding Port Phillip Bay, which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city, Melbourne, which is Australia's second-largest city. Geographically the smallest state on the Australian mainland, Victoria is bordered by Bass Strait and Tasmania to the south, New South Wales to the north, the Tasman Sea to the east, and South Australia to the west.\nPrior to European settlement, the area now constituting Victoria was inhabited by a large number of Aboriginal peoples, collectively known as the Koori. With Great Britain having claimed the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788, Victoria was included in the wider colony of New South Wales. The first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at Sullivan Bay, and much of what is now Victoria was included in the Port Phillip District in 1836, an administrative division of New South Wales. Victoria was officially created a separate colony in 1851, and achieved self-government in 1855. The Victorian gold rush in the 1850s and 1860s significantly increased both the population and wealth of the colony, and by the Federation of Australia in 1901, Melbourne had become the largest city & leading financial centre in Australasia. Melbourne also served as capital of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927, with the Federal Parliament meeting in Melbourne's Parliament House and all principal offices of the federal government being based in Melbourne.
/m/04ly1	Louisiana is a state located in the southern region of the United States. Louisiana is the 31st most extensive and the 25th most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital is Baton Rouge and largest city is New Orleans. Louisiana is the only state in the U.S. with political subdivisions termed parishes, which are local governments equivalent to counties. The largest parish by population is East Baton Rouge Parish, and the largest by land area is Cameron Parish.\nMuch of the state's lands were formed from sediment washed down the Mississippi River, leaving enormous deltas and vast areas of coastal marsh and swamp. The two \"Deltas\" are located in Monroe, the parish seat of Ouachita Parish, Shreveport, the parish seat of Caddo Parish, and Alexandria, the parish seat of Rapides Parish, for the small Delta, and Monroe, Lake Charles, and New Orleans for the large Delta. They are referred to as Deltas because they form a perfect triangle shape when the points are lined up. These contain a rich southern biota; typical examples include birds such as ibis and egrets. There are also many species of tree frogs, and fish such as sturgeon and paddlefish. In more elevated areas, fire is a natural process in the landscape, and has produced extensive areas of longleaf pine forest and wet savannas. These support an exceptionally large number of plant species, including many species of orchids and carnivorous plants.
/m/04xrx	Mariah Carey is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and philanthropist. Born and raised on Long Island, New York, Carey came to prominence after releasing her self-titled debut studio album Mariah Carey in 1990; it went multiplatinum and spawned four consecutive number one singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Under the guidance of Columbia Records executive and later husband Tommy Mottola, she continued booking success with followup albums Emotions, Music Box, and Merry Christmas, Carey was established as Columbia's highest-selling act. Daydream made music history when its second single \"One Sweet Day\", a duet with Boyz II Men, spent a record sixteen weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100, and remains the longest-running number-one song in U.S. chart history. During the recording of the album, Carey began to deviate from her R&B and pop beginnings and slowly traversed into hip hop. This musical change became evident with the release of Butterfly, at which time Carey had separated from Mottola.\nCarey left Columbia in 2000, and signed a $100 million recording contract with Virgin Records. Before the release of her first feature film Glitter, she suffered a physical and emotional breakdown and was hospitalized for severe exhaustion. Following the film's poor reception, she was bought out of her recording contract for $50 million, which led to a decline in her career. She signed a multimillion dollar contract deal with Island Records in 2002, and after an unsuccessful period, returned to the top of music charts with The Emancipation of Mimi. Its second single \"We Belong Together\" became her most successful single of the 2000s, and was later named \"Song of the Decade\" by Billboard. Carey once again ventured into film with a well-received supporting role in Precious; she was awarded the \"Breakthrough Performance Award\" at the Palm Springs International Film Festival, and Black Reel and NAACP Image Award nominations.
/m/06cqb	Reggae is a music genre first developed in Jamaica in the late 1960s. While sometimes used in a broad sense to refer to most types of popular Jamaican dance music, the term reggae more properly denotes a particular music style that evolved out of the earlier genres ska and rocksteady.
/m/01pcq3	Anna Helene Paquin is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress. Her first film was The Piano, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in March 1994 at the age of 11, making her the second youngest winner in Oscar history. She later appeared in a number of successful films, including Fly Away Home, She's All That, Almost Famous, and the X-Men franchise. Paquin is also known for her role as Sookie Stackhouse in the HBO series True Blood, for which she won a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama in 2009.
/m/02h2z_	During the Second World War, the North African Campaign took place in North Africa from 10 June 1940 to 13 May 1943. It included campaigns fought in the Libyan and Egyptian deserts and in Morocco and Algeria and Tunisia.\nThe campaign was fought between the Allies and Axis powers, many of whom had colonial interests in Africa dating from the late 19th century. The Allied war effort was dominated by the British Commonwealth and exiles from German-occupied Europe. The United States entered the war in 1941 and began direct military assistance in North Africa on 11 May 1942.\nFighting in North Africa started with the Italian declaration of war on 10 June 1940. On 14 June, the British Army's 11th Hussars crossed the border from Egypt into Libya and captured the Italian Fort Capuzzo. This was followed by an Italian counteroffensive into Egypt and the capture of Sidi Barrani in September 1940 and then in December 1940 by a Commonwealth counteroffensive, Operation Compass. During Operation Compass, the Italian 10th Army was destroyed and the German Afrika Korps—commanded by Erwin Rommel—was dispatched to North Africa—during Operation Sonnenblume—to reinforce Italian forces in order to prevent a complete Axis defeat.
/m/02bqn1	The One Hundred Second United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1991, to January 3, 1993, during the last two years of the administration of U.S. President George H. W. Bush.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the 1980 United States Census. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/035zr0	Young Adam is a 2003 British drama film written and directed by David Mackenzie. The screenplay is based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Alexander Trocchi.
/m/025vw4t	Charles Pratt, Jr. is an American television writer, producer and director.
/m/011yr9	Elizabeth is a 1998 biographical film written by Michael Hirst, directed by Shekhar Kapur, and starring Cate Blanchett in the title role of Queen Elizabeth I of England, alongside Geoffrey Rush, Christopher Eccleston, Joseph Fiennes, Sir John Gielgud, Fanny Ardant and Richard Attenborough. This 1998 film is loosely based on the early years of Elizabeth's reign. In 2007, Blanchett and Rush reprised their roles in the sequel, Elizabeth: The Golden Age, covering the later part of her reign.\nThe film brought Australian actress Blanchett to international attention. She won several awards for her portrayal of Elizabeth, notably a BAFTA and a Golden Globe in 1998, while the film was also named the 1998 BAFTA Best British Film. Elizabeth was nominated in 7 categories in the 71st Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actress, receiving the prize for Best Makeup.\nThe film sees a young Elizabeth elevated to the throne on the death of her half-sister Mary I, who had imprisoned her. Her reign over the divided and bankrupt realm is perceived as weak and under threat of invasion by Early Modern France or Habsburg Spain. For the future stability and security of the crown she is urged by advisor William Cecil to marry, and has suitors in the Catholic Philip II of Spain and the French Henri, Duc d'Anjou. She instead embarks on an affair with the wholly unsuitable Robert Dudley.
/m/0824r	Wisconsin is a U.S. state located in the north-central United States, in the Midwest and Great Lakes regions. It is bordered by Minnesota to the west, Iowa to the southwest, Illinois to the south, Lake Michigan to the east, Michigan to the northeast, and Lake Superior to the north. Wisconsin is the 23rd state by total area and the 20th most populous. The state capital is Madison, and its largest city is Milwaukee, which is located on the western shore of Lake Michigan. The state comprises 72 counties.\nWisconsin's geography is diverse, with the Northern Highland and Western Upland along with a part of the Central Plain occupying the western part of the state and lowlands stretching to the shore of Lake Michigan. Wisconsin is second to Michigan in the length of its Great Lakes coastline.\nWisconsin is known as \"America's Dairyland\" because it is one of the nation's leading dairy producers, particularly famous for cheese. Manufacturing and tourism are also major contributors to the state's economy.
/m/02r3zy	The Foo Fighters are an American rock band, formed in Seattle in 1994. It was founded by Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl as a one-man project following the death of Kurt Cobain and the resulting dissolution of his previous band. The group got its name from the UFOs and various aerial phenomena that were reported by Allied aircraft pilots in World War II, which were known collectively as foo fighters. Prior to the release of Foo Fighters' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters, which featured Grohl as the only official member, Grohl recruited bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith, both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate, as well as fellow Nirvana touring bandmate Pat Smear as guitarist to complete the lineup. The band began with performances in Portland, Oregon. Goldsmith quit during the recording of the group's second album, The Colour and the Shape when most of the drum parts were re-recorded by Grohl himself. Smear's departure followed soon afterward.\nThey were replaced by Taylor Hawkins and Franz Stahl, respectively, although Stahl was fired before the recording of the group's third album, There Is Nothing Left to Lose. The band briefly continued as a trio until Chris Shiflett joined as the band's lead guitarist after the completion of There Is Nothing Left to Lose. The band released its fourth album, One by One, in 2002. The group followed that release with the two-disc In Your Honor, which was split between acoustic songs and heavier material. Foo Fighters released its sixth album, Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace, in 2007. In 2010, it was confirmed that Smear had officially rejoined the band after touring with Foo Fighters as an unofficial member between 2006 and 2009. Over the course of the band's career, four of its albums have won Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album. The band's seventh studio album, Wasting Light, was released in 2011. Grohl stated in January 2013 that the band had started writing material for an eighth studio album. Producer Butch Vig is set to produce his second album with the group.
/m/01bgqh	The Grammy Award for Record of the Year is presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to sales or chart position.\" The Record of the Year award is one of the four most prestigious categories at the awards presented annually since the 1st Grammy Awards in 1959. According to the 54th Grammy Awards description guide the award is presented \"for commercially released singles or tracks of new vocal or instrumental recordings. Tracks from a previous year's album may be entered provided the track was not entered the previous year and provided the album did not win a GRAMMY. Award to the artist, producer, recording engineer and/or mixer if other than the artist.\" Starting from the 55th Grammy Awards in 2013, mastering engineers will be considered nominees and award recipients in this category.\nRecord of the Year is related to but is conceptually different from Song of the Year or Album of the Year:\nRecord of the Year is awarded for a single or for one track from an album. This award goes to the performing artist, the producer, recording engineer, and/or mixer for that song. In this sense, \"record\" means a particular recorded song, not its composition or an album of songs.
/m/06t61y	Sophie Thompson is an English actress, who trained at The Bristol Old Vic Theatre school.
/m/0hmr4	Annie Hall is a 1977 American romantic comedy directed by Woody Allen from a screenplay he co-wrote with Marshall Brickman. Produced by Allen's veteran manager, Charles H. Joffe, the film co-stars the director as Alvy Singer, who tries to figure out the reasons for the failure of his relationship with the film's eponymous female lead, played by Diane Keaton.\nPrincipal photography for the film began on 19 May 1976 on the South Fork of Long Island, and filming continued periodically for the next ten months. Allen has described the result, which marked his first collaboration with cinematographer Gordon Willis, as \"a major turning point\", in that unlike the farces and comedies that were his work to that point, it introduced a new level of seriousness.\nUpon release in April 1977, Annie Hall was met with widespread critical acclaim. Along with the Academy Award for Best Picture, it received Oscars in three other categories: two for Allen, and Keaton for Best Actress. The film additionally won four BAFTA awards and a Golden Globe, the latter being awarded to Keaton. Its North American box office receipts of $38,251,425 are fourth-best in the director's oeuvre when not adjusted for inflation. Often listed among the greatest film comedies, it ranks 31st on AFI's list of the top feature films in American cinema, fourth on their list of top comedy films and number 28 on Bravo's \"100 Funniest Movies.\" Film critic Roger Ebert called it \"just about everyone's favorite Woody Allen movie\".
/m/0gy2y8r	Hope Springs is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by David Frankel, written by Vanessa Taylor, and starring Meryl Streep, Tommy Lee Jones and Steve Carell. The film was released on August 8, 2012. It received generally positive reviews and the cast was praised for their performances. It was nominated for a Golden Globe, and won a People's Choice Award.
/m/03m73lj	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture is one of the awards given by the Screen Actors Guild. The award, which recognizes the work of stunt performers and coordinators, was first presented at the 14th Screen Actors Guild Awards for performances by SAG's members in 2007 films.\nThere is a corresponding SAG Award for work in television.
/m/06wzvr	Can't Stop the Music is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Nancy Walker. It is a pseudo-biography of disco's Village People which bears only a vague resemblance to the actual story of the group's formation. It was produced by Thorn EMI Screen Entertainment, and distributed by independent distributor Associated Film Distribution.\nCan't Stop the Music is notorious for being the first winner of the Worst Picture Golden Raspberry Award, for it was a double feature of this and Xanadu that inspired John J. B. Wilson to start the Razzies.
/m/014_xj	Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed in Leyton, east London, in 1975 by bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris. The band's discography has grown to thirty-seven albums, including fifteen studio albums, eleven live albums, four EPs, and seven compilations.\nPioneers of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal, Iron Maiden achieved initial success during the early 1980s. After several line-up changes, the band went on to release a series of US and UK platinum and gold albums, including 1982's The Number of the Beast, 1983's Piece of Mind, 1984's Powerslave, 1985's live release Live After Death, 1986's Somewhere in Time and 1988's Seventh Son of a Seventh Son. Since the return of lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson and guitarist Adrian Smith in 1999, the band have undergone a resurgence in popularity, with their latest studio offering, The Final Frontier, peaking at No. 1 in 28 different countries and receiving widespread critical acclaim.\nDespite little radio or television support, Iron Maiden are considered one of the most successful heavy metal bands in history, with The New York Times reporting in 2010 that they have sold over 85 million records worldwide. The band won the Ivor Novello Award for international achievement in 2002. As of October 2013, the band have played over 2000 live shows throughout their career. For the past 35 years, the band have been supported by their famous mascot, \"Eddie\", who has appeared on almost all of their album and single covers, as well as in their live shows.
/m/0fq7dv_	Saw is a 2004 American independent horror film directed by James Wan. The screenplay, written by Leigh Whannell, is based on a story by Wan and Whannell. The film stars Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, Michael Emerson, Ken Leung, Tobin Bell, and Whannell. It is the debut of Wan and Whannell and the first installment of the seven-part Saw franchise.\nThe film's story revolves around Adam and Lawrence, two men who are chained in a dilapidated subterranean bathroom and are each given instructions via a microcassette recorder explaining how to escape. Adam is told he must escape the bathroom, while Lawrence is told to kill Adam before a certain time, or Lawrence's family will die. Meanwhile, police detectives investigate and attempt to find the victims' location and apprehend the mastermind behind this \"game\" and several other similar incidents.\nThe screenplay was written in 2001, but after failed attempts to get the script produced in Wan and Whannell's home country, Australia, they were urged to travel to Los Angeles. In order to help attract producers they shot a low-budget short film of the same name from a scene out of the script. This proved successful in 2003 as producers from Evolution Entertainment were immediately attached and also formed a horror genre production label Twisted Pictures. The film was given a small budget and shot on a short schedule of 18 days.
/m/02_kd	Four Weddings and a Funeral is a 1994 British romantic comedy film directed by Mike Newell. It was the first of several films by screenwriter Richard Curtis to feature Hugh Grant. The film was an unexpected success, becoming the highest-grossing British film in cinema history at the time, with worldwide box office in excess of $245.7 million, and receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Picture.
/m/0gcrg	Seven Brides for Seven Brothers is a musical film and CinemaScope of 1954 directed by Stanley Donen, with music by Saul Chaplin and Gene de Paul and lyrics by Johnny Mercer, and choreography by Michael Kidd.\nThe screenplay, by Albert Hackett, Frances Goodrich, and Dorothy Kingsley, is based on the short story \"The Sobbin' Women\", by Stephen Vincent Benét, which was based in turn on the Ancient Roman legend of The Rape of the Sabine Women.\nThe film was a 1954 Oscar nominee for Best Picture.\nSeven Brides for Seven Brothers, which is set in Oregon in 1850, is particularly known for Kidd's unusual choreography, which makes dance numbers out of such mundane frontier pursuits as chopping wood and raising a barn.
/m/04qmr	Linkin Park is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. Formed in 1996, the band rose to international fame with their debut album Hybrid Theory, which was certified Diamond by the RIAA in 2005 and multi-platinum in several other countries. Their following studio album Meteora, continued the band's success, topping the Billboard 200 album chart in 2003, and was followed by extensive touring and charity work around the world. In 2003, MTV2 named Linkin Park the sixth-greatest band of the music video era and the third-best of the new millennium. Billboard ranked Linkin Park No. 19 on the Best Artists of the Decade chart. The band was recently voted as the greatest artist of '00s in a Bracket Madness poll on VH1.\nHaving adapted nu metal and rap metal to a radio-friendly yet densely layered style in Hybrid Theory and Meteora, the band explored other genres in their next studio album, Minutes to Midnight. The album topped the Billboard charts and had the third-best debut week of any album that year. The band continued to explore a wider variation of musical types in their fourth album, A Thousand Suns, layering their music with more electronic sounds and beats. Their most recent work, Living Things, combines musical elements from all of their previous records. The band has collaborated with several other artists, most notably with rapper Jay-Z in their mashup EP Collision Course, and many others on Reanimation and Recharged. Linkin Park has sold over 60 million albums worldwide and has won two Grammy Awards.
/m/07cyl	The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American thriller film that blends elements of the crime and horror genres. Directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster, Anthony Hopkins, and Scott Glenn, the film is based on Thomas Harris' 1988 novel of the same name, his second to feature Hannibal Lecter, a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer.\nIn the film, Clarice Starling, a young U.S. FBI trainee, seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer, known only as \"Buffalo Bill\".\nThe Silence of the Lambs was released on February 14, 1991, and grossed $272.7 million worldwide against its $19 million budget. It was only the third film, the other two being It Happened One Night and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, to win Academy Awards in all the top five categories: Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Director, and Best Writing. It is also the first Best Picture winner widely considered to be a horror film, and only the second such film to be nominated in the category, after The Exorcist in 1973. The film is considered \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant by the U.S. Library of Congress and was selected to be preserved in the National Film Registry in 2011.
/m/065y4w7	The University of Southern California is a private, not-for-profit, nonsectarian, research university founded in 1880 with its main campus in Los Angeles, California. As California's oldest private research university, USC has historically educated a large number of the region's business leaders and professionals. In recent decades, the university has also leveraged its location in Los Angeles to establish relationships with research and cultural institutions throughout Asia and the Pacific Rim. Reflecting the status of Los Angeles as a global city, USC has the largest number of international students of any university in the United States. In 2011, USC was named among the Top 10 Dream Colleges in the nation.\nAs of 2011, USC enrolls 17,414 students in its four-year undergraduate program. USC is also home to 20,596 graduate and professional students in a number of different programs, including business, law, social work, and medicine. The university has a \"very high\" level of research activity and received $560.9 million in sponsored research from 2009 to 2010. USC sponsors a variety of intercollegiate sports and competes in the NCAA Pacific-12 Conference. Members of the sports teams, the Trojans, have won 99 NCAA team championships, ranking them third in the nation, and 361 NCAA individual championships, ranking them second in the nation. Trojan athletes have won 287 medals at the Olympic games, more than any other university in the world. If USC were a country, it would rank 12th in most Olympic gold medals.
/m/01dw9z	Bette Midler, also known by her informal stage name The Divine Miss M, is an American singer-songwriter, actress, comedian, film producer and entrepreneur. In a career spanning almost half a century, Midler has been nominated for two Academy Awards, and won three Grammy Awards, four Golden Globes, three Emmy Awards, and a special Tony Award. She has sold over 30 million albums worldwide and along with that has also received 13 Gold, 8 Platinum and 4 Multiplatinum albums by RIAA.\nBorn in Honolulu, Hawaii, Midler began her professional career in several Off-Off-Broadway plays prior to her engagements in Fiddler on the Roof and Salvation on Broadway in the late 1960s. She came to prominence in 1970 when she began singing in the Continental Baths, a local gay bathhouse, where she managed to build up a core following. Since then, she has released 13 studio albums as a solo artist. Throughout her career, many of her songs became hits on the record charts, including \"The Rose\" and \"Wind Beneath My Wings\" as well as her renditions of \"Do You Wanna Dance?\", \"Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy\", and \"From a Distance\". In 2008, she signed a contract with Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to perform a series of shows titled Bette Midler: The Showgirl Must Go On, which ended in January 2010.
/m/012mzw	The University of Notre Dame du Lac is a Catholic research university located near South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. \"Notre Dame\" means \"Our Lady\" in French and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary.\nThe school was founded by Father Edward Sorin, CSC, who was also its first president. Today, many Holy Cross priests continue to work for the university, including as its president. It was established as an all-male institution on November 26, 1842, on land donated by the Bishop of Vincennes, Indiana. The university first enrolled women undergraduates in 1972. As of 2013 about 48 percent of the student body was female. Notre Dame's Catholic character is reflected in its explicit commitment to the Catholic faith, numerous ministries funded by the school, and the architecture around campus.\nThe university today is organized into five colleges and one professional school, and its graduate program awards 32 master's and 25 doctoral degrees. Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each of which fields teams for more than a dozen intramural sports, and the university counts approximately 120,000 alumni.
/m/02lcqs	The Pacific Time Zone observes standard time by subtracting eight hours from Coordinated Universal Time. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the 120th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory. During daylight saving time, its time offset is UTC−7 and is thus based on the mean solar time of the 105th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.\nIn the United States and Canada, this time zone is generically called the Pacific Time Zone. Specifically, it uses Pacific Standard Time - Pacific Time - when observing standard time, and Pacific Daylight Time - Mountain Time - when observing daylight saving time. Most of Canada uses daylight saving time. In Mexico the UTC−8 time zone is known as the Northwest Zone, which is synchronized with the U.S. PDT daylight saving schedule.\nThe largest city in the Pacific Time Zone is Los Angeles in California from USA; the city's metropolitan area is the largest in the zone.\nThe zone is one hour ahead of the Alaska Time Zone, one hour behind the Mountain Time Zone and three hours behind the Eastern Time Zone.
/m/03cyslc	Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a 2008 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Peter Sollett and starring Michael Cera and Kat Dennings. Written by Lorene Scafaria and based on the novel of the same name by Rachel Cohn and David Levithan, the story tells of teenagers Nick and Norah, who meet when Norah asks Nick to pretend to be her boyfriend for five minutes. Over the course of the night, they try to find their favorite band's secret show and search for Norah's drunken best friend.\nThe film came into development in 2003 when producer Kerry Kohansky Roberts found Cohn and Levithan's novel and decided to adapt it for film. Scafaria was hired to write the script in 2005, and Sollett signed on to direct the film in 2006. Principal photography took place over 29 days from October to December 2007, primarily in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City.\nThe film premiered on September 6, 2008 at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and was released theatrically on October 3, 2008. It tripled its US$10 million budget with a total gross of US$33.5 million. An accompanying soundtrack was released on September 23, 2008, and the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on February 3, 2009. It attracted generally positive reviews from critics and received nominations for three Satellite Awards, one GLAAD Media Award, one MTV Movie Award and one Golden Reel Award.
/m/026qnh6	Australia is an Australian romance film-epic film directed by Baz Luhrmann and starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman. An English aristocrat inherits a cattle station and when English cattle barons plot to take her land, she reluctantly joins forces with a rough-hewn stock-man to drive 2,000 head of cattle across the country's most unforgiving terrain, only to face the bombing of Darwin, Australia, by the Japanese forces.
/m/07vf5c	Evita is a 1996 musical drama film based on Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical of the same name about Eva Perón. It was directed by Alan Parker and written by Parker and Oliver Stone. It starred Madonna, Antonio Banderas, and Jonathan Pryce. The film was released on December 25, 1996 by Hollywood Pictures and Cinergi Pictures.
/m/04s1zr	The Gift is a 2000 American supernatural thriller film directed by Sam Raimi, written by Billy Bob Thornton and Tom Epperson and based on the alleged psychic experiences of Thornton's mother.\nThe film centers on Annie becoming involved in a murder case as a result of acquiring keen knowledge about the crime through her extrasensory perception. Other major characters are played by Keanu Reeves, Giovanni Ribisi, Hilary Swank, Katie Holmes, and Greg Kinnear.
/m/059j2	The Netherlands is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, consisting of twelve provinces in western Europe and three islands in the Caribbean. The European part of the Netherlands borders the North Sea to the north and west, Belgium to the south, and Germany to the east; and shares maritime borders with Belgium, Germany and the United Kingdom. Its territory Sint Maarten borders France in the Caribbean via France's territory Saint Martin. The country is a parliamentary democracy organised as a unitary state. The capital city of the Netherlands, mandated by the constitution, is Amsterdam, however, the seat of government is located in The Hague. The Netherlands in its entirety is often referred to as Holland, which in strict usage, refers only to North and South Holland, two of its provinces; however the former usage is generally accepted.\nThe Netherlands is a geographically low-lying country, with about 20% of its area and 21% of its population located below sea level, and 50% of its land lying less than one metre above sea level. This distinct feature contributes to the country's name: in Dutch, English, and in many other European languages, its name literally means \"Low Land\" or \"Low Countries.\" Most of the areas below sea level are man-made, caused by centuries of extensive and poorly controlled peat extraction, lowering the surface by several metres. Even in flooded areas peat extraction continued through turf dredging. From the late 16th century land reclamation started and large polder areas are now preserved through elaborate drainage systems with dikes, canals and pumping stations. Much of the Netherlands is formed by the estuary of three important European rivers, which together with their distributaries form the Rhine–Meuse–Scheldt delta. Most of the country is very flat, with the exception of foothills in the far south-east and several low hill ranges in the central parts.
/m/0342h	A guitar is a popular musical instrument that makes sound by the playing of its six strings with the sound being projected either acoustically or through electrical amplification. It is typically played by strumming or plucking the strings with the right hand while fretting the strings with the left hand. The guitar is a type of chordophone, traditionally constructed from wood and strung with either nylon or steel strings and distinguished from other chordophones by its construction and tuning. The modern guitar was preceded by the lute, the vihuela, the four-course Renaissance guitar, and the five-course baroque guitar, all of which contributed to the development of the modern six-string instrument.\nThere are three main types of modern acoustic guitar: the classical guitar, the steel-string acoustic guitar, and the archtop guitar. The tone of an acoustic guitar is produced by the vibration of the strings, which is amplified by the body of the guitar, which acts as a resonating chamber. The classical guitar is often played as a solo instrument using a comprehensive fingerpicking technique.
/m/0123_x	Barcelona is a province of eastern Spain, in the center of the autonomous community of Catalonia. The province is bordered by the provinces of Tarragona, Lleida, and Girona, and by the Mediterranean Sea. 5,526,536 people live in the province, of whom 1,621,537 live in the municipality of Barcelona. Its area is 7,733 km²\nThe capital of the province is the city of Barcelona, and the provincial council is based in the Casa Serra on the Rambla de Catalunya in that city. Some other cities and towns in Barcelona province include L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Badalona, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Martorell, Mataró, Granollers, Sabadell, Terrassa, Sitges, Igualada, Vic, Manresa, Berga. See also List of municipalities in Barcelona.\nSince the division by provinces in Spain and the division by comarques in Catalonia do not completely agree, the term comarques of the province of Barcelona would not be entirely correct. However, a list of the comarques that are included—totally or partially—in the province of Barcelona can be made:\nFully included:\nAlt Penedès\nAnoia\nBages\nBaix Llobregat\nBarcelonès\nGarraf\nMaresme\nVallès Occidental\nVallès Oriental\nPartially included:\nBerguedà Osona Selva
/m/026yqrr	James Scheffer, professionally known as Jim Jonsin, is an American record producer, songwriter, record executive and entrepreneur. Jonsin has collaborated with numerous elite hip hop, pop, R&B and rock artists including, Beyoncé, Usher, Lil Wayne, Kid Cudi, Eminem, Yelawolf, Nelly, T.I., Danity Kane, and Jamie Foxx, to name a few, and won a Grammy in 2009 for Best Rap Song for Lil Wayne's \"Lollipop\". That year he was also nominated for his production on T.I.'s \"Whatever You Like\" which also garnered a nomination for Best Rap Song. In addition to his own win, Jonsin has contributed his production services to several other Grammy nominated records and albums including Beyoncé's I Am... Sasha Fierce, Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III, Usher's Raymond v. Raymond, and Usher's \"There Goes My Baby\", and Eminem's Recovery.\nIn 2006, Jonsin launched his own record label imprint, Rebel Rock Entertainment, and subsequently signed a then unknown musician by the name of B.o.B. Jonsin then partnered with Atlantic Records and later Grand Hustle, in a joint venture deal to work on B.o.B.'s debut album, The Adventures of Bobby Ray. The album, which was executive produced by Jonsin and T.I., debuted at number 1 one the Billboard 200. The album produced three smash singles which stayed on top of the charts for most of 2010 and was ultimately nominated for several Grammy awards, BET Awards, and MTV VMAs. He also signed the production duo, Finatik and Zac, and Danny Morris to his production company, Rebel Rock Productions. In addition to his ventures in music, Jonsin has recently entered into the field of professional racing by forming his own motorsports team, Rebel Rock Racing. Jonsin will be driving a Porsche 911 in the upcoming Grand-am Road Racing series with co-driver D.J. Randall. Jonsin is managed by Made Communication, Miami, FL.
/m/07nxnw	Beowulf is a 2007 American motion capture computer-animated fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary, inspired by the Old English epic poem of the same name. The film was created through a motion capture process similar to the technique Zemeckis used in The Polar Express. The cast includes Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, Robin Wright Penn, Brendan Gleeson, John Malkovich, Crispin Glover, Alison Lohman, and Angelina Jolie. It was released in the United Kingdom and United States on November 16, 2007, and was available to view in IMAX 3D, RealD, Dolby 3D and standard 2D format.
/m/01gbbz	Ellen Lee DeGeneres is an American stand-up comedian, television host, and actress. She starred in the popular sitcom Ellen from 1994 to 1998 and has hosted the syndicated talk show The Ellen DeGeneres Show since 2003.\nAs a film actress, she starred in Mr. Wrong, appeared in EDtv and The Love Letter, and provided the voice of Dory in the Disney-Pixar animated film Finding Nemo, for which she was awarded the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress, the only time a voice performance has won a Saturn Award. She was a judge on American Idol in its ninth season. DeGeneres has hosted the Academy Awards, Grammy Awards, and the Primetime Emmys.\nShe starred in two television sitcoms, Ellen from 1994 to 1998 and The Ellen Show from 2001 to 2002. During the fourth season of Ellen in 1997, DeGeneres came out publicly as a lesbian in an appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show. Shortly afterwards, her character Ellen Morgan also came out to a therapist played by Winfrey, and the series went on to explore various LGBT issues including the coming-out process. She has won 13 Emmys and numerous other awards for her work and charitable efforts.
/m/0gmgwnv	Lincoln is a 2012 American epic historical drama film directed by Steven Spielberg, starring Daniel Day-Lewis as United States President Abraham Lincoln and Sally Field as Mary Todd Lincoln. The screenplay by Tony Kushner was based in part on Doris Kearns Goodwin's biography Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln, and covers the final four months of Lincoln's life, focusing on the President's efforts in January 1865 to have the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution passed by the United States House of Representatives.\nThe film was produced by Spielberg and his frequent collaborator Kathleen Kennedy. Filming began October 17, 2011, and ended on December 19, 2011. Lincoln premiered on October 8, 2012 at the New York Film Festival. The film was co-produced by DreamWorks Pictures and Participant Media and released theatrically on November 9, 2012, in select cities and widely released on November 16, 2012, in the United States through Disney's Touchstone Pictures distribution label. The film was released on January 25, 2013, in the United Kingdom, with distribution in international territories, including the U.K., by 20th Century Fox.\nLincoln received widespread critical acclaim, with major praise directed to Day-Lewis' performance. In December 2012, the film was nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards including Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director for Spielberg and winning Best Actor for Day-Lewis. At the 85th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for twelve Academy Awards including Best Picture; it won for Best Production Design and Best Actor for Day-Lewis. The film was also a commercial success, having grossed more than $275 million at the box office.
/m/0163t3	Sharon Rachel Osbourne is an English television host, media personality, television talent competition judge, author, music manager, businesswoman, and promoter, and the wife of heavy metal singer-songwriter Ozzy Osbourne. She first came into public prominence after appearing in The Osbournes, a reality television show that followed her family's daily life. Osbourne later became a talent show judge on shows such as the British and original version of The X Factor, from 2004 to 2007; before returning in 2013, and America's Got Talent from 2007 until 2012.\nAfter the success of The Osbournes and The X Factor, hosting her own chat shows and securing advertising contracts, Osbourne was ranked as the 25th richest woman in Britain on the 2009 Sunday Times Rich List. As of 2008, Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne, were ranked as the 724th richest people in Britain with an estimated joint wealth of £110 million. Sharon Osbourne is credited with reviving her husband's heavy metal career by founding the summer Ozzfest tour. She is one of five co-hosts of the daytime series The Talk, where she discusses controversial topics and contemporary issues. The Talk premiered on 18 October 2010.
/m/043q6n_	Neal H. Moritz is an American film producer. He is the founder of Original Film.
/m/04czhj	Disney Interactive Studios, Inc. is a Worldwide American video game company. It self-publishes and distributes multi-platform video games and interactive entertainment worldwide. Disney Interactive Studios is a subsidiary of Disney Interactive; thus a part of the The Walt Disney Company media conglomerate.\nMost of the games released by Disney Interactive Studios are typically tie-in products to existing character franchises.
/m/02pgky2	The 80th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2007 in the United States and took place February 24, 2008, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC. Actor and talk show host Jon Stewart hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 78th ceremony held in 2006.\nOn February 9, 2008, in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jessica Alba.\nNo Country for Old Men won four awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Ethan and Joel Coen, the second pair of directors to win this category for a single film. Other winners included The Bourne Ultimatum with three awards, La Vie en Rose and There Will Be Blood with two awards, and Atonement, The Counterfeiters, Freeheld, The Golden Compass, Juno, Michael Clayton, The Mozart of Pickpockets, Once, Peter and the Wolf. Ratatouille, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, and Taxi to the Dark Side with one. The telecast garnered 31.8 million viewers, making it the least watched Oscar ceremony in its history.
/m/026njb5	Red Road is a 2006 British film directed by Andrea Arnold. It tells the story of a CCTV security operator who observes through her monitors a man from her past. It is named after, and partly set at, the Red Road flats in Barmulloch, Glasgow, Scotland which were the tallest residential buildings in Europe at the time they were built. It is shot largely in a Dogme 95 style, using handheld cameras and natural light.\nRed Road is the first film in Advance Party, a projected trilogy following a set of rules dictating how the films will be written and directed. They will all be filmed and set in Scotland, using the same characters and cast. Each film will be made by a different first-time director. The Observer polled several filmmakers and film critics who voted it as one of the best British films in the last 25 years.
/m/043js	James Todd Spader is an American actor best known for his eccentric roles in films such as Pretty in Pink, The Pentagon Papers, Less Than Zero, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Crash, Stargate, Secretary, and Lincoln. His most famous television roles are those of the colorful attorney Alan Shore in The Practice and its spin-off Boston Legal, for which he won three Emmy Awards, and Robert California in The Office. He currently stars as Raymond \"Red\" Reddington in The Blacklist, and he is set to play Ultron in Marvel Studios' upcoming film Avengers: Age of Ultron.
/m/0h95927	Silver Linings Playbook is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by David O. Russell, adapted from the novel The Silver Linings Playbook by Matthew Quick. The film stars Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, with Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver, Chris Tucker, Anupam Kher, and Julia Stiles in supporting roles.\nCooper plays Patrick \"Pat\" Solitano, Jr., a man with bipolar disorder who is released from a psychiatric hospital and moves back in with his parents. Determined to win back his estranged wife, Pat meets recently widowed Tiffany Maxwell. She tells Pat that she will help him get his wife back if he enters a dance competition with her. The two become closer as they train and Pat, his father, and Tiffany examine their relationships with each other as they cope with their issues.\nSilver Linings Playbook premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival on September 8, 2012, and was released in the United States on November 16, 2012. The film opened to major critical success and earned numerous accolades. It received eight Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay; it became the first film since 1981 to be Oscar-nominated for the four acting categories and the first since 2004 to be nominated for the Big Five Oscars, with Lawrence winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. It also achieved four Golden Globe Award nominations, with Lawrence winning Best Actress; three BAFTA nominations, with Russell winning for Best Adapted Screenplay; four Screen Actors Guild nominations; and five Independent Spirit Award nominations, winning in four categories including Best Film. The film was a blockbuster at the box office, grossing over $236 million worldwide, more than eleven times its budget.
/m/02_1kl	Ryan's Hope is an American soap opera created by Claire Labine and Paul Avila Mayer, originally airing for 13 years on ABC from July 7, 1975 to January 13, 1989. It revolved around the trials and tribulations within a large Irish-American family in the Riverside district of New York City.
/m/0qmfz	Atlantic City is a 1980 French-Canadian romantic crime film directed by Louis Malle. Filmed in late 1979, it was released in France and Germany in 1980 and in the United States in 1981. The script was written by John Guare. It stars Burt Lancaster, Susan Sarandon, Kate Reid, Robert Joy, Hollis McLaren, Michel Piccoli, and Al Waxman.\nAtlantic City is among the 41 films to be nominated for all \"Big Five\" Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress and Best Screenplay, and one of only six amidst this group to not take home a single award. It lost the Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay to Chariots of Fire, Best Director to Reds, and Burt Lancaster and Susan Sarandon, who were nominated for Best Actor and Best Actress, lost to Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn in On Golden Pond.
/m/0fttg	Montgomery is the capital of the state of Alabama, and is the county seat of Montgomery County. Named for Richard Montgomery, it is located on the Alabama River, in the Gulf Coastal Plain. As of the 2010 Census, Montgomery had a population of 205,764. It is the second-largest city in Alabama, after Birmingham, and the 103rd largest in the United States. The Montgomery Metropolitan Statistical Area had a 2010 estimated population of 374,536. It is the fourth-largest in the state and 136th among United States metropolitan areas.\nThe city was incorporated in 1819, as a merger of two towns situated along the Alabama River. It became the state capital in 1846, representing the shift of power to the south-central area with the growth of cotton as a commodity crop of the Black Belt and Mobile's rise as a mercantile port. In February 1861, Montgomery was selected as the first capital of the Confederate States of America, until the seat of government moved to Richmond, Virginia, in May of that year. During the mid-20th century, Montgomery was a major site of events in the African-American Civil Rights Movement, including the Montgomery Bus Boycott and the Selma to Montgomery marches.
/m/0hpv3	Yeshiva University is a private university in New York City, with six campuses in New York and one in Israel. Founded in 1886, it is a research university.\nThe University's undergraduate schools—Yeshiva College, Stern College for Women, and Syms School of Business— offer a dual curriculum inspired by Modern-Centrist-Orthodox Judaism's hashkafa of Torah Umadda combining academic education with the study of Torah. Yeshiva is perhaps best known for its secular, highly selective graduate schools, the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law.\nYeshiva University is an independent institution chartered by New York State. It is accredited by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and by several professional agencies.
/m/019sc	Black is the color of coal, ebony, and of outer space. It is the darkest color, the result of the absence of or complete absorption of light. It is the opposite of white and often represents darkness in contrast with light.\nBlack was one of the first colors used by artists in neolithic cave paintings. In the 14th century, it began to be worn by royalty, the clergy, judges and government officials in much of Europe. It became the color worn by English romantic poets, businessmen and statesmen in the 19th century, and a high fashion color in the 20th century.\nIn the Roman Empire, it became the color of mourning, and over the centuries it was frequently associated with death, evil, witches and magic. As in the Western World today, it is also the color most commonly associated with mourning, evil, magic, the end, violence, power, secrets, and elegance.
/m/01k23t	Ann \"Annie\" Lennox, OBE is a Scottish singer-songwriter, political activist and philanthropist. After achieving moderate success in the late 1970s as part of the New Wave band The Tourists, she and fellow musician David A. Stewart went on to achieve major international success in the 1980s as Eurythmics, with the 1983 hit single \"Sweet Dreams\" their commercial breakthrough. Lennox is the most recognised female artist at the Brit Awards, winning a total of eight awards. She has also been named the \"Brits Champion of Champions\".\nLennox embarked on a solo career in 1992 with her debut album, Diva, which produced several hit singles including \"Why\" and \"Walking on Broken Glass\". To date, she has released five solo studio albums and a compilation album, The Annie Lennox Collection. Aside from her eight Brit Awards, she has also collected four Grammy Awards and an MTV Video Music Award. In 2002, Lennox received a Billboard Century Award; the highest accolade from Billboard Magazine. In 2004, she won both the Golden Globe and the Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"Into the West\", written for the soundtrack to the feature film The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
/m/0blq0z	Jeremy Lee Renner is an American actor, singer-songwriter, film producer, former makeup artist, and musician. He is best known for his roles in The Hurt Locker for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor, and for playing Hawkeye in Marvel's The Avengers. He also appeared in commercially successful films such as Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol, The Bourne Legacy, Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters, and American Hustle. Throughout the 2000s, Renner appeared largely in independent films such as Dahmer and Neo Ned. He also appeared in supporting roles in bigger films such as S.W.A.T. and 28 Weeks Later. He then turned out a much-praised performance in The Town, for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/018p4y	Pierce Brendan Brosnan is an Irish actor, film producer and environmentalist. After leaving comprehensive school at 16, Brosnan began training in commercial illustration. He then went on to train at the Drama Centre in London for three years. Following a stage acting career he rose to popularity in the television series Remington Steele.\nAfter Remington Steele, Brosnan appeared in films such as The Fourth Protocol and Mrs. Doubtfire. In 1995, he became the fifth actor to portray secret agent James Bond in the Eon Productions film series, starring in four films between 1995 and 2002. He also provided his voice and likeness to Bond in the 2004 video game James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing. During this period, he also took the lead in other films such as Dante's Peak and the remake of The Thomas Crown Affair. After leaving the role of Bond, he has starred in such successes as The Matador, Mamma Mia!, and The Ghost Writer.\nIn 1996, along with Beau St. Clair, Brosnan formed Irish DreamTime, a Los Angeles-based production company. In later years, he has become known for his charitable work and environmental activism.
/m/01w0v	Cambridgeshire is a county in England, bordering Lincolnshire to the north, Norfolk to the northeast, Suffolk to the east, Essex and Hertfordshire to the south, and Bedfordshire and Northamptonshire to the west. The city of Cambridge is the county town. Modern Cambridgeshire was formed on 1 April 1974 as an amalgamation of the counties of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely and Huntingdon and Peterborough, which had been created on 1 April 1965 from the historic counties of Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, the Isle of Ely and the Soke of Peterborough. It contains most of the region known as Silicon Fen. Cambridgeshire is twinned with Kreis Viersen in Germany.
/m/02h659	Rollins College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Winter Park, Florida along the shores of Lake Virginia.\nRollins is a member of the SACS, NASM, ACS, FDE, AAM, AACSB International, Council for Accreditation of Counseling, and Related Educational Programs.\nIt has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,884, of which 41% of the population is male and 59% female. Its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 80 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.
/m/03bx0bm	The lead vocalist or lead vocal is the member of a band who sings the main solo vocal portions of a song. The lead vocalist may also play one or more instruments, and is usually the \"leader\" of their group, often the spokesman in interviews and before the public. The lead vocalist is sometimes referred to as the frontman.\nIn certain types of music, notably soul and Motown, there is a line-up of a lead vocalist with a named group of backing vocalists. Such line-ups can be very fluid, with both the lead vocalist and the backing group pursuing independent careers; and frequent personnel changes are not uncommon. While members of backing bands were often replaceable, the lead singer would be regarded as having a more marketable name and would have to hire or fire backing musicians at will. Cases of backing bands \"defecting\" to rival vocalists were rarer, but did happen on occasion as seen by Tony Orlando and Dawn.
/m/0cb4j	Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of California. Its county seat is Santa Ana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,010,232, making it the third most populous county in California, behind Los Angeles County and San Diego County. It's also the second most populous county in the Greater Los Angeles Area, after Los Angeles County. It is the sixth most populous county in the United States as of 2009 and the smallest county in Southern California by area. It's roughly half the size of Ventura County, Southern California's next smallest county. It is the second most densely populated county in the state, second only to San Francisco County. The county is famous for its tourism as the home of attractions like Disneyland, Knott's Berry Farm, and several beaches along its more than 40 miles of coastline. It is known for its political conservatism — a 2005 academic study listed three Orange County cities as among America's 25 most conservative, making it one of two counties in the country containing more than one such city. It is part of the Tech Coast.\nOrange County was at one time the largest county to have declared bankruptcy. In 1994, longtime treasurer Robert Citron's investment strategies left the county with inadequate capital to allow for any rise in interest rates for its trading positions. When the residents of Orange County voted down a proposal to raise taxes in order to balance the budget, bankruptcy followed soon after. Citron later pleaded guilty to six felonies regarding the matter.
/m/09p7fh	The French Lieutenant's Woman is a 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and adapted by playwright Harold Pinter. It is based on the novel by John Fowles. The music score is by Carl Davis and the cinematography by Freddie Francis.\nThe film stars Meryl Streep and Jeremy Irons with Hilton McRae, Jean Faulds, Peter Vaughan, Colin Jeavons, Liz Smith, Patience Collier, Richard Griffiths, David Warner, Alun Armstrong, Penelope Wilton and Leo McKern.\nThe film was nominated for five Academy Awards: Streep was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress, and the film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Writing, but both lost to On Golden Pond.
/m/0h14ln	Perfume: The Story of a Murderer is a German 2006 thriller film directed by Tom Tykwer, written by Andrew Birkin, Bernd Eichinger and Tykwer and starring Ben Whishaw, Alan Rickman, Rachel Hurd-Wood and Dustin Hoffman. It is based on the 1985 novel Perfume by Patrick Süskind. Set in 18th century France, the film tells the story of Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, an olfactory genius, and his homicidal quest for the perfect scent.\nProducer Bernd Eichinger bought the film rights to Süskind's novel in 2000 and began writing the screenplay together with screenwriter Andrew Birkin. Tom Tykwer was selected as the director and joined the two in developing the screenplay in 2003. Principal photography began on July 12, 2005 and concluded on October 16, 2005; filming took place in Spain, Germany, and France. The film was made on a budget of €50 million, making it one of the most expensive German films.\nPerfume was released on September 14, 2006 in Germany, December 26, 2006 in the United Kingdom and December 27, 2006 in the United States. It grossed over $135 million worldwide, of which over $53 million was made in Germany. Critics' reviews of the film were mixed; the consensus was that the film had strong cinematography and acting but suffered from an uneven screenplay.
/m/016z4k	Singer-songwriters are musicians who write, compose and perform their own musical material including lyrics and melodies. As opposed to contemporary pop music singers who write or co-write their own songs, the term singer-songwriter describes a distinct form of artistry, closely associated with the folk-acoustic tradition. Singer-songwriters often provide the sole accompaniment to an entire composition or song, typically using a guitar or piano; both the compositions and the arrangements are written primarily as solo vehicles, with the material angled toward topical issues—sometimes political, sometimes introspective, sensitive, romantic, and confessional.\nOften, the songs written by these musicians serves not only as entertainment, but as a tool for political protest, as in the cases of the Almanac Singers, Pete Seeger, and Woody Guthrie, whose guitar was inscribed with the words, \"This machine kills fascists\".
/m/02184q	Michael Ironside is a Canadian actor. He has also worked as a voice actor, producer, film director, and screenwriter in movie and television series in various Canadian and American productions. He is best known for playing villains and \"tough guy\" heroes, though he has also portrayed sympathetic characters. Ironside is a method actor, who stays in character between takes.
/m/020_95	Laura Leggett Linney is an American actress and singer. She is most well known for her performances in films such as The Truman Show, Mystic River and Kinsey, among others. She also played the lead role of Cathy Jamison in the Showtime series The Big C, which completed its fourth and final season in May 2013.\nDuring her career she has received four Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Additionally she has been the recipient of three Academy Award nominations and three Tony Award nominations.
/m/04lgymt	Phil Tan is an Atlanta, GA-based music/audio engineer.\nHe is a 3-time Grammy Award recipient, as mixing engineer for Mariah Carey's \"The Emancipation of Mimi\", Ludacris' \"Release Therapy\" and Rihanna's \"Only Girl\".\nAmong the artists on Tan's list of credits: Leona Lewis, Ne-Yo, Wiz Khalifa, Kimbra, Conor Maynard, Justin Bieber, Whitney Houston, Rita Ora, Jill Scott, Jennifer Hudson, Janelle Monáe, Usher, Snoop Dogg, Corinne Bailey Rae, K'naan, Enrique Iglesias, Paulina Rubio, Jennifer Lopez, Jordin Sparks, Gwen Stefani, Anthony Hamilton, Ciara, Taio Cruz, Tinie Tempah, Outkast, Jay-Z, Alexis Jordan, Sean Paul, Karmin, Morgan Page, Lionel Richie, Nelly, Kreesha Turner, Kelly Rowland, The Saturdays, Chris Brown, Sean Kingston, Alicia Keys, Anahí Puente, Jesse McCartney, Joe, TLC, Kelis, Monica, Toni Braxton, Aretha Franklin, Bow Wow, Jagged Edge, and Da Brat.\nSales of albums and singles sold in the US with Tan listed in the credits as a mixer, engineer, remixer or producer total over 250 million.\nHe has mixed and/or recorded 26 singles that have reached Number One on Billboard's Hot 100 chart:
/m/05k2xy	The Interpreter is a 2005 political thriller film starring Nicole Kidman, Sean Penn, and Catherine Keener. It was the final film to be directed by Sydney Pollack before his death in 2008.
/m/02hrh1q	An actor is a person portraying a character in a dramatic or comic production; she or he performs in: film, television, theatre, or radio. Actor, ὑποκριτής, literally means \"one who interprets\"; an actor, then, is one who interprets a dramatic character.
/m/03zg2x	Hope Davis is an American actress. She has starred in more than 20 feature films, including About Schmidt, Arlington Road, Flatliners, Mumford, American Splendor, The Lodger, and Next Stop Wonderland.
/m/02h48	Danny Kaye was an American actor, singer, dancer, and comedian. His performances featured physical comedy, idiosyncratic pantomimes, and rapid-fire nonsense songs.\nKaye starred in 17 movies, notably The Kid from Brooklyn, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, The Inspector General, Hans Christian Andersen, White Christmas, and The Court Jester. His films were popular, especially his bravura performances of patter songs and favorites such as \"Inchworm\" and \"The Ugly Duckling\". He was the first ambassador-at-large of UNICEF in 1954 and received the French Legion of Honor in 1986 for his years of work with the organization.
/m/03v0t	Illinois is a state in the Midwestern United States. It is the 5th most populous and 25th most extensive state, and is often noted as a microcosm of the entire country. With Chicago in the northeast, small industrial cities and great agricultural productivity in central and northern Illinois, and natural resources like coal, timber, and petroleum in the south, Illinois has a diverse economic base and is a major transportation hub. The Port of Chicago connects the state to other global ports from the Great Lakes, via the Saint Lawrence Seaway, to the Atlantic Ocean; as well as the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River, via the Illinois River. For decades, O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world's busiest airports. Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and politics.\nAlthough today the state's largest population center is around Chicago in the northern part of the state, the state's European population grew first in the west, with French Canadians who settled along the Mississippi River. After the American Revolutionary War established the United States, American settlers began arriving from Kentucky in the 1810s via the Ohio River, and the population grew from south to north. In 1818, Illinois achieved statehood. After construction of the Erie Canal increased traffic and trade through the Great Lakes, Chicago was founded in the 1830s on the banks of the Chicago River, at one of the few natural harbors on southern Lake Michigan. John Deere's invention of the self-scouring steel plow turned Illinois' rich prairie into some of the world's most productive and valuable farmlands, attracting immigrant farmers from Germany and Sweden. Railroads carried immigrants to new homes, as well as being used to ship their commodity crops out to markets.
/m/05zr6wv	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best On-Screen Duo. It was later changed to Best On-Screen Team in 2001. This award was last given out in 2006. In 2012, it returned but it was changed to Best Cast. In 2013, it was renamed back to Best On-Screen Duo.
/m/01vvydl	Andre Romelle Young, known by his stage name Dr. Dre, is an American record producer, rapper and entrepreneur. He is the founder and current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment and Beats Electronics. Dre was previously the co-owner of, and an artist on, Death Row Records. He has produced albums for and overseen the careers of many rappers, including Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Xzibit, 50 Cent, The Game and more recently Kendrick Lamar. He is credited as a key figure in the popularization of West Coast G-funk, a style of rap music characterized as synthesizer-based with slow, heavy beats. In 2011, Dr. Dre was ranked as the third richest figure in the American hip hop scene by Forbes with a net worth of $250 million.\nDre began his career as a member of the World Class Wreckin' Cru and later found fame with the influential gangsta rap group N.W.A with Eazy-E, Ice Cube, MC Ren, and DJ Yella, which popularized the use of explicit lyrics in rap to detail the violence of street life. His 1992 solo debut The Chronic, released under Death Row Records, led him to become one of the best-selling American performing artists of 1993 and to win a Grammy Award for the single \"Let Me Ride\". That same year he produced Death Row labelmate Snoop Dogg's quadruple platinum debut Doggystyle.
/m/0bkbm	The spy film genre, which is mainly the subgenre of thriller and action, deals with the subject of fictional espionage, either in a realistic way or as a basis for fantasy. Many novels in the spy fiction genre have been adapted as films, including works by John Buchan, le Carré, Ian Fleming and Len Deighton. It is a significant aspect of British cinema, with leading British directors such as Alfred Hitchcock and Carol Reed making notable contributions and many films set in the British Secret Service.\nSpy films show the espionage activities of government agents and their risk of being discovered by their enemies. From the Nazi espionage thrillers of the 1940s to the James Bond films of the '60s and to the high-tech blockbusters of today, the spy film has always been popular with audiences worldwide. Offering a combination of exciting escapism, technological thrills, and exotic locales, the spy film combines the action and science fiction genres, presenting clearly-delineated heroes for audiences to root for and villains for them to hiss.\nJames Bond is the most famous of film spies. Bond, in his various incarnations, flippantly beat up on the Russians, but there were also more serious, probing works like The Spy Who Came in from the Cold which also emerged from the Cold War. As the Cold War ended, the newest villain became terrorism and more often involved the Middle East.
/m/03x6xl	Panionios G.S.S. is a Greek association football club based in Nea Smyrni, Athens, Greece. The club currently competes in the Super League Greece.
/m/0h326	Peter Lorre was an American actor of Jewish Austro-Hungarian descent.\nLorre caused an international sensation with his portrayal of a serial killer who preys on little girls in the German film M. In enforced exile in Hollywood, he later became a featured player in many Hollywood crime and mystery films. The Maltese Falcon, his first film with Humphrey Bogart and Sydney Greenstreet, was followed by Casablanca. Lorre and Greenstreet appeared in a further seven films together.\nFrequently typecast as a sinister foreigner, his later career was erratic. Lorre was the first actor to play a James Bond villain as Le Chiffre in a TV version of Casino Royale. Some of his last roles were in several horror films directed by Roger Corman.
/m/0237jb	Brian Thomas Helgeland is an American screenwriter, film producer and director. He is most known for writing the screenplays for L.A. Confidential, Mystic River, and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master. Helgeland wrote and directed 42, the 2013 biopic of Jackie Robinson.
/m/015t56	Elijah Jordan Wood is an American actor and film producer. He made his film debut with a minor part in Back to the Future Part II, then landed a succession of larger roles that made him a critically acclaimed child actor by age 9, being nominated for several Young Artist Awards. As a child actor he starred in the films Radio Flyer, The Good Son, North and Flipper, and began to transfer to teenage roles in the films The Ice Storm, Deep Impact and The Faculty. He is best known for his high-profile leading role as Frodo Baggins in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy and its prequel The Hobbit. Since then, he has resisted typecasting by choosing varied roles in critically acclaimed films such as Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Sin City, Green Street and Everything Is Illuminated and Bobby.\nWood has also provided the voices of the main character in the award-winning animated musical films Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two, as well as the lead, 9, in the Tim Burton-produced action/science fiction film 9. In 2005, he started his own record label, Simian Records. He did the voice acting for Spyro in the Legend of Spyro trilogy. In 2012, he began voicing Beck in the animated series Tron: Uprising, and Sigma in the tenth season of the Rooster Teeth series Red vs. Blue. Since 2011, Wood has been playing the role of Ryan Newman in FX's dark comedy Wilfred.
/m/0f2wj	Hollywood is a district in the central region of Los Angeles, California.\nIt is notable for its place as the home of the entertainment industry, including several of its historic studios. Its name has come to represent the motion picture industry of the United States. Hollywood is also a highly ethnically diverse, densely populated, economically diverse neighborhood and retail business district.\nHollywood was a small community in 1870 and was incorporated as a municipality in 1903. It merged with the City of Los Angeles in 1910, and soon thereafter a film industry began to emerge, eventually becoming dominant in the world.
/m/06t74h	William Edward Fichtner is an American actor. He has appeared in a number of notable film and TV series. He is known for his roles as Sheriff Tom Underlay in the cult favorite television series Invasion, Alexander Mahone on Prison Break and Butch Cavendish in The Lone Ranger.
/m/02hcv8	The Eastern Time Zone is a time zone encompassing 17 U.S. states in the eastern part of the contiguous United States, parts of eastern Canada and three countries in South America.\nPlaces that use Eastern Standard Time when observing standard time are 5 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time.\nEastern Daylight Time, when observing daylight saving time is 4 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time.\nIn the northern parts of the time zone, during the second Sunday in March, at 2:00 a.m. EST, clocks are advanced to 3:00 a.m. EDT leaving a one hour \"gap\". During the first Sunday in November, at 2:00 a.m. EDT, clocks are moved back to 1:00 a.m. EST, thus \"duplicating\" one hour. Southern parts of the zone do not observe daylight-saving time.
/m/0fb0v	Geffen Records is an American record label, owned by Universal Music Group, which operates as one third of the Interscope Geffen A&M label group.
/m/04lhc4	Erin Brockovich is a 2000 biographical film directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Susannah Grant. The film is a dramatization of the true story of Erin Brockovich, portrayed by Julia Roberts, who fought against the energy corporation Pacific Gas and Electric Company. The film was a massive box office hit, and critical reviews were highly positive.\nRoberts won the Academy Award, Golden Globe, Screen Actors' Guild Award and BAFTA for Best Actress. The film itself was also nominated for Best Picture and Best Director for Steven Soderbergh at the 73rd Academy Awards. Early in the film the real Erin Brockovich has a cameo appearance as a waitress named Julia.
/m/06mkj	Spain, officially the Kingdom of Spain, is a sovereign state and a member state of the European Union. It is located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe. Its mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar; to the north and north east by France, Andorra, and the Bay of Biscay; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean. It is one of three countries to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines. Spain's 1,214 km border with Portugal is the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union.\nSpanish territory also includes the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean, the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean off the African coast, and two autonomous cities in North Africa, Ceuta and Melilla, that border Morocco, plus Alborán, Chafarinas Islands, Alhucemas, Vélez de la Gomera and other small islets including Perejil. Furthermore, the town of Llívia is a Spanish exclave situated inside French territory. With an area of 505,992 km², Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union, and the fifth largest country in Europe.
/m/01k5t_3	Chris Thomas King is an American New Orleans, Louisiana-based blues musician and actor.
/m/02s529	John Mahoney is an English-born American actor. He started his career on the stage in 1977 and moved into film in 1980. He played Martin Crane in the American sitcom Frasier on NBC from 1993 until to 2004. He has also worked as a voice actor, and performed on Broadway and in Chicago theatre.
/m/01797x	Peter Kenneth Frampton is an English rock musician, singer, songwriter, producer, guitarist and multi-instrumentalist. He was previously associated with the bands Humble Pie and The Herd. Frampton's international breakthrough album was his live release, Frampton Comes Alive!. The album sold more than six million copies in the United States alone and spawned several hits. Since then he has released several major albums. He has also worked with David Bowie and both Matt Cameron and Mike McCready from Pearl Jam, among others. Frampton is best known for such hits as \"Breaking All The Rules\", \"Show Me the Way\", \"Baby, I Love Your Way\", \"Do You Feel Like We Do\", and \"I'm in You\", which remain staples on classic-rock radio. He has also appeared as himself in television shows such as The Simpsons and Family Guy. Frampton is known for his work as a guitar player and particularly with a Talkbox and his tenor voice.
/m/0fhxv	Peter Brian Gabriel is an English singer-songwriter, musician and humanitarian activist who rose to fame as the lead vocalist and flautist of the progressive rock band Genesis. After leaving Genesis, Gabriel went on to a successful solo career. His 1986 album, So, is his most commercially successful, selling five million copies in America, and the album's biggest hit, \"Sledgehammer\", won a record nine MTV Awards at the 1987 MTV Video Music Awards. The song is the most played music video in the history of the station.\nGabriel co-founded the WOMAD festival in 1982. He has continued to focus on producing and promoting world music through his Real World Records label. He has also pioneered digital distribution methods for music, co-founding OD2, one of the first online music download services. Gabriel has been involved in numerous humanitarian efforts. In 1980, he released the anti-apartheid single \"Biko\". He participated in Amnesty International's Human Rights Now! tour in 1988 and co-founded the Witness human rights organization in 1992.\nGabriel has won numerous music awards throughout his career, including three Brit Awards—winning Best British Male in 1987, six Grammy Awards, thirteen MTV Video Music Awards, the first Pioneer Award at the BT Digital Music Awards, and in 2007 he was honoured as a BMI Icon at the 57th annual BMI London Awards for his \"influence on generations of music makers\". In recognition of his many years of human rights activism, he received the Man of Peace award from the Nobel Peace Prize Laureates in 2006, and in 2008, TIME magazine named Gabriel one of the 100 most influential people in the world. Gabriel was also awarded the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2007, and the Polar Music Prize in 2009.
/m/0gy7bj4	Anna Karenina is a 2012 drama film written by Tom Stoppard and directed by Joe Wright.
/m/019f4v	This page lists the winners of and nominees for the Golden Globe Award for Best Director. Since its inception in 1943, it has been presented annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, an organization composed of journalists who cover the United States film industry for publications based outside North America.\nHaving won all four of his nominations, Elia Kazan has been honored most often in this category. Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood, David Lean, Miloš Forman, and Oliver Stone tie for second place with three wins each. Steven Spielberg has had the most nominations and has received the award twice. Barbra Streisand is the only woman to have won the award.\nIn the following lists, the first names, listed in bold type against a blue background, are the winners, and the following names are the remaining nominees. The years given are those in which the films under consideration were released, not the year of the ceremony, which takes place in January of the following year.\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates Academy Award-winning direction.\n\"§\" indicates Golden Globe Award-winning direction that was not nominated for an Academy Award.
/m/05w5d	Pentecostalism or Classical Pentecostalism is a renewal movement within Christianity that places special emphasis on a direct personal experience of God through the baptism with the Holy Spirit. The term Pentecostal is derived from Pentecost, the Greek name for the Jewish Feast of Weeks. For Christians, this event commemorates the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the followers of Jesus Christ, as described in the second chapter of the Book of Acts.\nLike other forms of evangelical Protestantism, Pentecostalism adheres to the inerrancy of scripture and the necessity of accepting Christ as personal Lord and Savior. It is distinguished by belief in the baptism with the Holy Spirit as an experience separate from conversion that enables a Christian to live a Holy Spirit–filled and empowered life. This empowerment includes the use of spiritual gifts such as speaking in tongues and divine healing—two other defining characteristics of Pentecostalism. Because of their commitment to biblical authority, spiritual gifts, and the miraculous, Pentecostals tend to see their movement as reflecting the same kind of spiritual power and teachings that were found in the Apostolic Age of the early church. For this reason, some Pentecostals also use the term Apostolic or full gospel to describe their movement.
/m/05rfst	A History of Violence is a 2005 American crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg and written by Josh Olson. It is an adaptation of the 1997 graphic novel of the same name by John Wagner and Vince Locke. The film stars Viggo Mortensen as the owner of a small-town diner who is thrust into the spotlight after killing two robbers in self-defense, thus forcing him to confront his violent past.\nThe film was in the main competition for the 2005 Palme d'Or. The film was put into limited release in the United States on September 23, 2005, and wide release on September 30, 2005.\nWilliam Hurt was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, while Josh Olson was nominated for Academy Award for Best Writing. The L.A. Times has said it was the last major Hollywood film to be released on VHS.
/m/0yzvw	My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown is a 1989 drama film directed by Jim Sheridan and starring Daniel Day-Lewis. It tells the true story of Christy Brown, an Irishman born with cerebral palsy, who could control only his left foot. Christy Brown grew up in a poor, working-class family, and became a writer and artist. The film also stars Ray McAnally, Brenda Fricker, Fiona Shaw, Julie Hale, Alison Whelan, Kirsten Sheridan, Declan Croghan, Eanna MacLiam, Marie Conmee, and Cyril Cusack. It was adapted by Shane Connaughton and Jim Sheridan from the book of the same name by Christy Brown.\nThe film was well received by critics and audiences alike. Daniel Day-Lewis and Brenda Fricker both won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Actress in a Supporting Role, respectively, and was nominated for three more awards, Best Adapted Screenplay for Shane Connaughton and Jim Sheridan, Best Director for Sheridan and the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/02cgb8	Alexander Martin Clunes is an English actor known for portraying Martin Ellingham in the hit ITV drama series Doc Martin.\nClunes played Gary Strang in Men Behaving Badly. In 2009, Clunes starred as the title character in Reggie Perrin, a BBC One sitcom, which ran for two series until it came to an end in 2010.\nIn 2012, he starred in The Town and A Mother's Son, both drama mini-series for ITV.\nMartin has narrated a number of documentaries for ITV, the first of which was Islands of Britain in 2009. He has since presented a number of documentaries about animals, such as Horsepower, and its follow-up Heavy Horsepower. In 2013, he narrated The Secret Life of Dogs on ITV.
/m/0f102	The University of Idaho is the U.S. state of Idaho's oldest public university located in the city of Moscow in Latah County in the [northern portion] of the state. UI is the state's land grant university and primary research university. It enrolls more national merit scholars than all other institutions in the state combined. In January 2012, the university enrolled the highest number of National Merit Scholars of any school in the Northwest; more than the other flagship institutions in the region with significantly larger enrollments. The University of Idaho was the state's sole university for 71 years, until 1963, and hosts the University of Idaho College of Law, which was established in 1909, accredited by the ABA in 1925, and remained until 2012 the only law school in the state.\nThe university was formed by the territorial legislature of Idaho on January 30, 1889, and opened its doors on October 3, 1892 with an initial class of 40 students. The first graduating class in 1896 contained two men and two women. The university presently has an enrollment exceeding 12,000, with over 11,000 on the Moscow campus. The university offers 142 degree programs, from accountancy to wildlife resources, including bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and specialists' degrees. Certificates of completion are offered in 30 areas of study. At 25% and 53%, its 4 and 6 year graduation rates are the highest of any public university in Idaho, and it generates 74 percent of all research money in the state, with research expenditures of $100 million in 2010 alone.
/m/01wg6y	George Duke was an American musician, known as a keyboard pioneer, composer, singer and producer in both jazz and popular mainstream musical genres. He worked with numerous acclaimed artists as arranger, music director, writer and co-writer, record producer and as a professor of music. He first made a name for himself with the album The Jean-Luc Ponty Experience with the George Duke Trio. He was known primarily for thirty-odd solo albums as well as for his collaborations with other musicians, particularly Frank Zappa.
/m/02vx4	Association football, commonly known as football or soccer, is a sport played between two teams of eleven players with a spherical ball. It is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries, making it the world's most popular sport. The game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end. The object of the game is to score by using any part of the body besides the arms and hands to get the football into the opposing goal.\nThe goalkeepers are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their hands or arms while it is in play and then only in their penalty area. Outfield players mostly use their feet to strike or pass the ball, but may use their head or torso to strike the ball instead. The team that scores the most goals by the end of the match wins. If the score is tied at the end of the game, either a draw is declared or the game goes into extra time and/or a penalty shootout depending on the format of the competition. The Laws of the Game were originally codified in England by The Football Association in 1863. Association football is governed internationally by the International Federation of Association Football which organises a World Cup every four years.
/m/01d650	The University of Kent is a public research university based in Kent, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1965 and is recognised as a British \"plate glass university\". It is a member of the Santander Network of European universities encouraging social and economic development,Association of Commonwealth Universities and Universities UK.\nThe University of Kent's main site is a rural campus just north of Canterbury situated within 300 acres of park land, which houses over 4,300 students. The university has additional sites in Medway and Tonbridge in Kent, United Kingdom and European postgraduate centres in Brussels, Athens and Paris. In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise the University of Kent was placed 24th out of 118 participating institutions in terms of the best, or 4*, research in a ranking produced by Times Higher Education. In 2012 the University of Kent ranked 80 in the world according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings in Top 100 Universities Under 50 Years Old. and ranked 138 in QS World University Rankings for Overall University Subject Rankings in the world in 2012.
/m/0g68zt	Equus is a 1977 British-American drama film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Richard Burton. Peter Shaffer wrote the screenplay based on his play Equus. The film also featured Peter Firth, Colin Blakely, Joan Plowright, Eileen Atkins, and Jenny Agutter.
/m/02y_3rf	β-Carotene is a strongly colored red-orange pigment abundant in plants and fruits. It is an organic compound and chemically is classified as a hydrocarbon and specifically as a terpenoid, reflecting its derivation from isoprene units. β-Carotene is biosynthesized from geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate. It is a member of the carotenes, which are tetraterpenes, synthesized biochemically from eight isoprene units and thus having 40 carbons. Among this general class of carotenes, β-carotene is distinguished by having beta-rings at both ends of the molecule. Absorption of β-carotene is enhanced if eaten with fats, as carotenes are fat soluble.\nCarotene is the substance in carrots, pumpkins and sweet potatoes that colors them orange and is the most common form of carotene in plants. When used as a food coloring, it has the E number E160a.p119 The structure was deduced by Karrer et al. in 1930. In nature, β-carotene is a precursor to vitamin A via the action of beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase. Isolation of β-carotene from fruits abundant in carotenoids is commonly done using column chromatography. The separation of β-carotene from the mixture of other carotenoids is based on the polarity of a compound. β-Carotene is a non-polar compound, so it is separated with a non-polar solvent such as hexane. Being highly conjugated, it is deeply colored, and as a hydrocarbon lacking functional groups, it is very lipophilic.
/m/09mq4m	Paul Epworth is a British music producer, musician, and songwriter. His production and writing credits include Adele, Florence and the Machine, Cee Lo Green, Foster the People, John Legend, Azealia Banks, Paul McCartney, Bruno Mars, Plan B, Crystal Castles, Friendly Fires, Bloc Party, Annie, Chapel Club, Primal Scream, The Rapture, Jack Peñate, Kate Nash, and Maxïmo Park. On 12 February 2012 at the 54th Grammy Awards, he won four Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year and Record of the Year. He won the Academy Award for Best Original Song alongside Adele, for \"Skyfall\". His sister Mary Epworth is a singer and songwriter. He is a member of the Music Producers Guild.
/m/039c26	Deadwood is an American western television series created, produced and largely written by David Milch and aired on the premium cable network HBO from March 21, 2004, to August 27, 2006, spanning three 12-episode seasons. The show is set in the 1870s in Deadwood, South Dakota, before and after the area's annexation by the Dakota Territory. The series charts Deadwood's growth from camp to town, incorporating themes ranging from the formation of communities to western capitalism. The show features a large ensemble cast, and many historical figures appear as characters on the show—such as Seth Bullock, Al Swearengen, Wild Bill Hickok, Sol Star, Calamity Jane, Wyatt Earp, George Crook, E. B. Farnum, Charlie Utter, Jack McCall, and George Hearst. The plot lines involving these characters include historical truths as well as substantial fictional elements. Milch used actual diaries and newspapers from 1870s Deadwood residents as reference points for characters, events, and the look and feel of the show. Some of the characters are fully fictional, although they may have been based on actual persons.\nDeadwood received wide critical acclaim, particularly for Milch's writing and Ian McShane's co-lead performance. It also won eight Emmy Awards and one Golden Globe. TV Guide ranked it #8 on their 2013 list of 60 shows that were \"Cancelled Too Soon\".
/m/04rlf	Music is an art form whose medium is sound and silence. Its common elements are pitch, rhythm, dynamics, and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture. The word derives from Greek μουσική.\nThe creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of music vary according to culture and social context. Music ranges from strictly organized compositions, through improvisational music to aleatoric forms. Music can be divided into genres and subgenres, although the dividing lines and relationships between music genres are often subtle, sometimes open to personal interpretation, and occasionally controversial. Within the arts, music may be classified as a performing art, a fine art, and auditory art. It may also be divided among art music and folk music. There is also a strong connection between music and mathematics. Music may be played and heard live, may be part of a dramatic work or film, or may be recorded.\nTo many people in many cultures, music is an important part of their way of life. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as \"the harmony of the spheres\" and \"it is music to my ears\" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, \"There is no noise, only sound.\" Musicologist Jean-Jacques Nattiez summarizes the relativist, post-modern viewpoint: \"The border between music and noise is always culturally defined—which implies that, even within a single society, this border does not always pass through the same place; in short, there is rarely a consensus ... By all accounts there is no single and intercultural universal concept defining what music might be.\"
/m/030z4z	Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, also known as KKHH, is a Hindi coming of age romantic comedy drama film, released in India and the United Kingdom on 16 October 1998. It was written and directed by Karan Johar, and starred the popular on-screen pair of Shahrukh Khan and Kajol in their fourth film together. Rani Mukerji featured in a supporting role, while Salman Khan had an extended guest appearance.\nFilmed in India, Mauritius, and Scotland, this was Karan Johar's directorial debut. One of his goals for the film was to set a new level for style in Hindi cinema. The plot combines two love triangles set years apart. The first half covers friends on a college campus, while the second tells the story of a widower's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old friend.\nThe film was extremely successful in India and abroad, becoming the highest grossing Indian film of the year, and the first Bollywood film to enter the UK cinema top ten. The soundtrack also became the biggest seller of the year. The film won many major awards including the \"Best Film\" honors at the Filmfare Awards, the National Film Awards, Zee Cine Awards, Screen Awards, and Bollywood Movie Awards. Years after its release, it still makes appearances on Indian television and has achieved an iconic status.
/m/05rx__	H. Jon Benjamin is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his voice acting roles as Ben on Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist, Coach McGuirk and Jason on Home Movies, The Devil on Lucy, Daughter of the Devil, Sterling Archer in FX's animated series Archer and Bob Belcher in the Fox animated series Bob's Burgers. Benjamin also starred in his own series on Comedy Central, Jon Benjamin Has a Van.
/m/0bvls5	Mahesh Manjrekar is a film director, screenwriter and actor.
/m/02vkdwz	A halfback is the holder of an offensive position in American football whose duties involve lining up in the backfield and carrying the ball on most running plays in formations such as the veer variant of the wishbone. When the principal ball carrier lines up deep in the backfield, and especially when that player is placed behind another player, as in the I formation, that player is instead referred to as a tailback, Historically, from the 1870s through the 1950s, the halfback position was both an offensive and defensive position. In the related sport of Canadian football, halfback is usually a defensive rather than offensive position since the 1980s, however used to also refer to an offensive position similar to a slotback that could line up off the tight end or behind the quarterback.
/m/04h9h	Latin is an ancient Italic language originally spoken by the Italic Latins in Latium and Ancient Rome. Along with most European languages, it is a descendant of the ancient Proto-Indo-European language. Influenced by the Etruscan language and using the Greek alphabet as a basis, it took form as what is recognizable as Latin in the Italian peninsula. Modern Romance languages are continuations of dialectal forms of the language. Additionally many students, scholars, and some members of the Christian clergy speak it fluently, and it is still taught in some primary, secondary and post-secondary educational institutions around the world.\nLatin is still used in the creation of new words in modern languages of many different families, including English, and largely in biological taxonomy. Latin and its derivative Romance languages are the only surviving languages of the Italic language family. Other languages of the Italic branch were attested in the inscriptions of early Italy, but were assimilated to Latin during the Roman Republic.
/m/0bdwft	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie and predecessor categories including Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Single Performance by an Actress in a Lead Role.\nFrom 1973 to 1978, the category was divided into two separate categories.\nThroughout the 1950s and 1960s, guest performances in regular television series were included in the category. Separate categories for guest performances were eventually created in the mid-1980s.\nIn select years, performances in lead and supporting roles were combined into a single category.
/m/06x4l_	Dan Wilson is a multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, visual artist, songwriter and producer. He is both a solo artist and the lead singer of the band Semisonic, for which he wrote the hits \"Closing Time\", \"Secret Smile\", and \"Chemistry.\" Wilson was also a member of indie favorite Trip Shakespeare from the mid-1980s to early 1990s and of college bands Animal Dance, The Love Monsters and The Floating World in the early 1980s.\nCurrently, Wilson is perhaps best known for his co-writing and collaborations with other artists. He contributed three songs to the 2011 album 21 by UK singer-songwriter Adele, which has had the longest Top 5 run in history on the Billboard Album Chart and which won the 2012 Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Wilson was part of that Grammy-winning team, as he co-wrote, produced and performed the piano on the hit single \"Someone Like You\" which held the No. 1 position for 5 weeks in the U.S. and has remained in the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100 for months. The song has topped the charts in many other countries as well, including the UK, Australia, France, and Germany. Wilson also co-wrote the song \"Home\" by Dierks Bentley, the second single for Bentley's 2012 album Home. The song reached No. 1 on the Billboard Country Singles Chart and was nominated for the 2012 Song of the Year award by both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music. Wilson co-wrote Missy Higgins' 2012 single, \"Everyone's Waiting,\" which reached #11 on the ARIA Charts and has remained in Australia's Top 40 for 8 weeks. Wilson co-wrote six songs for the 2010 Josh Groban album Illuminations, including the singles \"Hidden Away\" and \"Higher Window\", both of which charted on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Chart. Wilson co-wrote six songs with the Dixie Chicks for their 2006 album Taking the Long Way, which garnered the coveted Album of the Year at the 2007 Grammy Awards. Wilson himself received the 2007 Grammy Award for Song of the Year for \"Not Ready to Make Nice,\" one of the songs he co-wrote with the Dixie Chicks. His accolades as a songwriter have grown from success with his own band Semisonic. In 1999, Wilson was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song for Semisonic's \"Closing Time,\" which hit No. 6 in the Top 40 Chart and was No. 1 on the Modern Rock Chart.
/m/0263cyj	The NC State Wolfpack men's basketball team represents North Carolina State University in NCAA Division I men's basketball competition. The Wolfpack currently competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference, of which it was a founding member.\nPrior to joining the ACC in 1954, the Wolfpack was a member of the Southern Conference, where the Pack won seven conference championships. As a member of the ACC the Wolfpack has won ten conference championships and two national championships. State's unexpected 1983 title was one of the most memorable in NCAA history.\nSince 1999, the Pack has played most of its home games at PNC Arena.
/m/02_vs	Friesland or Frisia is a province in the north of the European country Netherlands.\nIts capital is Leeuwarden, a city with 91,817 inhabitants, situated in the centre of the province.\nThe province itself, of which the north western area once was part of the ancient, larger region of Frisia, has 646,000 inhabitants.
/m/01rr_d	The Bachelor of Laws or LL.B. is an undergraduate, or bachelor, degree in law originating in England and offered in most common law Jurisdictions. In English-speaking Canada it is sometimes referred to as a post-graduate degree because previous university education is usually required for admission. The \"LL.\" of the abbreviation for the degree is from the genitive plural legum. Creating an abbreviation for a plural, especially from Latin, is often done by doubling the first letter, thus \"LL.B.\" stands for Legum Baccalaureus in Latin. It is sometimes erroneously called \"Bachelor of Legal Letters\" to account for the double \"L\".\nThe United States is the only common law country that no longer offers the LL.B. While the LL.B. was conferred until 1971 at Yale University, since that time, all universities in the United States have awarded the professional doctorate J.D., which then became the generally standardized degree in most states for the necessary bar exam prior to practice of law. Many law schools converted their basic law degree programs from LL.B. to J.D. in the 1960s, and permitted prior LL.B. graduates to retroactively receive the new doctorate degrees by returning their LL.B. in exchange for a J.D. degree. Yale graduates who received LL.B. degrees prior to 1971 were similarly permitted to change their degree to a J.D., although many did not take the option, retaining their LL.B. degrees.
/m/02zft0	Alan Bergman is an American lyricist and songwriter.
/m/0fj9f	A politician, political leader, or political figure is a person who is involved in influencing public policy and decision making. This includes people who hold decision-making positions in government, and people who seek those positions, whether by means of election, inheritance, coup d'état, appointment, conquest, or other means. Politics is not limited to governance through public office. Political offices may also be held in corporations. In civil uprisings, politicians may be called freedom fighters. In media campaigns, politicians are often referred to as activists.
/m/01rs41	Private schools, also known as independent schools or nonstate schools, are not administered by local, state or national governments; thus, they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition, rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public funding; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship, which makes the cost cheaper, depending on a talent the student may have e.g. sport scholarship, art scholarship, academic scholarship etc.
/m/03f4n1	The Crown of Aragon was a composite monarchy, also nowadays referred to as a confederation of individual polities or kingdoms ruled by one king with a personal and dynastic union of the Kingdom of Aragon and the county of Barcelona. At the height of its power in the 14th and 15th centuries, the Crown of Aragon was a thalassocracy controlling a large portion of the present-day eastern Spain and southwestern France, as well as some of the major islands and mainland possessions stretching across the Mediterranean as far as Greece. The component realms of the Crown were not united politically except at the level of the king, who ruled over each autonomous polity according to its own laws, raising funds under each tax structure, dealing separately with each cortes. Put in contemporary terms, it has sometimes been considered that the different lands of the Crown of Aragon functioned more as a confederacy of cultures rather than as a single country. In this sense, the larger Crown of Aragon must not be confused with one of its constituent parts, the Kingdom of Aragon, from which it takes its name.
/m/02x2khw	The 2003 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 3 and 4. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams.\nSource: MLB.com 2003 Draft Tracker
/m/0k6yt1	Eve Jihan Jeffers, better known by her mononym, Eve, is an American Grammy Award winning rapper-songwriter, record producer and actress. Her first three albums have sold over 8 million copies worldwide. She has also achieved success in fashion with her clothing line, Fetish. She is the inaugural winner of the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in 2002 for the song \"Let Me Blow Ya Mind\", with Gwen Stefani. Eve was number 48 on VH1's \"50 Greatest Women Of The Video Era\" list.\nAs an actress, Eve is best known for her roles as Terri Jones in the films Barbershop and Barbershop 2: Back in Business, and as Shelley Williams on the UPN television sitcom Eve.
/m/04vs9	Mauritius, officially the Republic of Mauritius, is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2,000 kilometres off the southeast coast of the African continent. The country includes the islands of Mauritius, Rodrigues, the islands of Agalega and the archipelago Saint Brandon. Mauritius claims sovereignty over the Chagos Archipelago situated 1,287 kilometres to the north east; the United Kingdom excised the archipelago from Mauritian territory prior to Mauritius' independence and gradually depopulated it. The islands of Mauritius, Rodrigues and Réunion, 170 km south west, form part of the Mascarene Islands. The area of the country is 2040 km². Its capital is Port Louis.\nThe first Portuguese explorers found no indigenous people living on the island in 1507. The Dutch settled on the island in 1638 and abandoned it in 1710. Five years later, the island became a French colony and was renamed Isle de France. The British took control of Mauritius in 1810 during the Napoleonic Wars. The country remained under British rule until it became an independent Commonwealth realm on 12 March 1968 and a republic within the Commonwealth on 12 March 1992.
/m/01bczm	Bryan Adams, OC OBC is a Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, producer, actor, social activist, and photographer. As one of the world's best-selling music artists and the best-selling Canadian rock artist of all time, Adams has been one of the most successful figures of the world of popular music during last three decades and as a singer, he's known for his strong husky vocals and energetic live performances.\nAdams rose to fame in North America with his album Cuts Like a Knife and turned into a global star with his 1984 album Reckless. In 1991, he released his popular Waking Up the Neighbours album which included \" I Do It for You\", one of the best-selling singles of all time.\nFor his contributions to music, Adams has garnered many awards and nominations, including 20 Juno Awards among 56 nominations, 15 Grammy Award nominations including a win for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television in 1992. He has also won MTV, ASCAP, American Music awards, two Ivor Novello Awards for song composition and has been nominated for several Golden Globe Awards and three times for Academy Awards for his songwriting for films.\nAdams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for contributions to popular music and philanthropic work via his own foundation, which helps improve education for people around the world.
/m/0l5yl	Jack Benny was an American comedian, vaudevillian, radio, television, and film actor, and violinist. Recognized as a leading American entertainer of the 20th century, Benny portrayed his character as a miser, playing his violin badly. In character, he would be 39 years of age, regardless of his actual age.\nBenny was known for comic timing, and the ability to create laughter with a pregnant pause or a single expression, such as his signature exasperated \"Well!\" His radio and television programs, popular from the 1930s to the 1960s, were a major influence on the sitcom genre.
/m/02pzc4	Roy Owen Haynes is an American jazz drummer and bandleader. Haynes is among the most recorded drummers in jazz, and in a career lasting more than 60 years has played in a wide range of styles ranging from swing and bebop to jazz fusion and avant-garde jazz. He has a highly expressive, personal style and is known to foster a deep engagement in his bandmates.\nHe has also led his own groups, some performing under the name Hip Ensemble. His most recent recordings as a leader are Fountain of Youth and Whereas, both of which have been nominated for a Grammy Award. He continues to perform worldwide.\nHis son Graham Haynes is a cornetist; his son Craig Haynes and grandson Marcus Gilmore are both drummers.
/m/05pdh86	New Moon is the sequel to 2008's Twilight, based on a novel of the same name written by Stephanie Meyer.
/m/04lqvly	Waltz with Bashir is a 2008 Israeli animated documentary film written and directed by Ari Folman. It depicts Folman in search of his lost memories of his experience as a soldier in the 1982 Lebanon War.\nThis film and $9.99, also released in 2008, are the first Israeli animated feature-length films released in movie theaters since Alina and Yoram Gross's Ba'al Hahalomot. Waltz with Bashir premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival where it entered the competition for the Palme d'Or, and since then has won and been nominated for many additional important awards while receiving wide acclaim from critics. It won a Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film, an NSFC Award for Best Film, a César Award for Best Foreign Film and an IDA Award for Feature Documentary, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, a BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language and an Annie Award for Best Animated Feature.\nThe film is officially banned in Lebanon.
/m/0288fyj	Manny Marroquin is a Guatemalan-born American mixing engineer. He has received five Grammy awards for his professional audio work.
/m/0337vz	Larenz Tate is an American film and television actor.
/m/05l5n	Oxford is a city in central southern England. It is the county town of Oxfordshire and forms a district within the county. It has a population of 150,200, which makes it the 52nd largest city in the UK, and lies within the Oxford metropolitan area with a population of 244,000. Oxford is one of the UK's fastest growing cities, in terms of population.\nOxford has a diverse economic base. Its industries include motor manufacturing, education, publishing and a large number of information technology and science-based businesses.\nThe city is known worldwide as a university town and home of the University of Oxford, the oldest university in the country and in the English-speaking world.\nBuildings in Oxford demonstrate examples of every English architectural period since the arrival of the Saxons, including the iconic, mid-18th-century Radcliffe Camera. Oxford is known as the \"city of dreaming spires\", a term coined by poet Matthew Arnold in his poem Thyrsis, referring to the harmonious architecture of Oxford's university buildings.
/m/0h53p1	Leonard Dick is a television writer and producer
/m/02b17t	Rochdale Association Football Club is an English professional football club based in Rochdale, Greater Manchester. They play their home matches at Spotland Stadium. Formed in 1907 and nicknamed the Dale, they were accepted into the Football League in 1921.\nThe club has spent 77 of its 85 League seasons to 2013 in the lowest tier, more than any other club. However it has avoided relegation to the Conference and has twice achieved promotion, in 1969 and 2010. Although the club have never won a competition since joining the League, they have the distinction of playing in the final of the League Cup in 1962, the first of only two teams from the lowest tier to have done so.
/m/05ztrmj	The MTV Movie Award for Best Fight is an award presented to actors and characters for quality fight scenes in films at the MTV Movie Awards, a ceremony established in 1992. Honors in several categories are awarded by MTV at the annual ceremonies, and are chosen by public vote. The MTV Movie Award for Best Fight was first presented in 1996 to Adam Sandler and Bob Barker for their fight in Happy Gilmore. Uma Thurman won the award in 2004 and 2005 for her fights against Chiaki Kuriyama and Daryl Hannah in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Vol. 2, respectively. In 2008 and 2009 Cam Gigandet was presented with the honor for his fights in Never Back Down and Twilight. Robert Pattinson has also won the award twice, for his appearances in The Twilight Saga films: Twilight in 2009 and The Twilight Saga: Eclipse in 2011. Jackie Chan has won the Best Fight honor once from four nominations. Jet Li and Chris Tucker have each received three nominations, and Brad Pitt and Hugh Jackman have each been nominated twice.
/m/0r0m6	Malibu is an affluent beach city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 12,645. Malibu consists of a 21-mile strip of prime Pacific coastline. Nicknamed \"the 'Bu\" by surfers and locals, the community is famous for its warm, sandy beaches, and for being the home of many Hollywood movie stars and others associated with the entertainment industry. Signs around the city proclaim \"27 miles of scenic beauty\", referring to Malibu's original length of 27 miles before the city was incorporated in 1991.\nMost Malibu residents live within a few hundred yards of Pacific Coast Highway, which traverses the city, with some residents living up to a mile away from the beach up narrow canyons, and many more residents of the unincorporated canyon areas identifying Malibu as their hometown. The city is also bounded by Topanga Canyon to the east, the Santa Monica Mountains consisting of Agoura Hills, Calabasas, and Woodland Hills to the north, the Pacific Ocean to the south, and Ventura County to the west.\nMalibu's beaches include Surfrider Beach, Zuma Beach, Malibu Beach, Topanga Beach, Point Dume Beach and Dan Blocker Beach; its local parks include Malibu Bluffs Park, Trancas Canyon Park, Las Flores Creek Park, and Legacy Park, with neighboring parks Malibu Creek State Park, Leo Carrillo State Beach and Park, Point Mugu State Park, and the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, and neighboring state beach Robert H. Meyer Memorial State Beach, that was once part of Old Malibu, and better known as pristine beaches, El Pescador, La Piedra and El Matador.
/m/073hmq	The 60th Academy Awards were presented April 11, 1988 at the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, California. It was produced by Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. and directed by Marty Pasetta. The ceremony, which was broadcast on ABC, was the first to be held there since the 20th Academy Awards. The 1988 Writers Guild of America strike, which began on March 7, were mentioned several times during the evening: host Chevy Chase claimed his \"entire monologue was generously donated by five Teamsters\" and Sean Connery referred to the strike in his acceptance speech.\nBilly Wilder was rewarded The Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award. The event was otherwise dominated by two films. The Last Emperor won all nine Oscars for which it was nominated, including two for Bernardo Bertolucci, who won for his direction and for co-writing the screenplay, adapted from the title character's autobiography. It did so in spite of having been \"snubbed by several Hollywood studios and mishandled by the company that finally distributed it.\" Moonstruck, nominated for six Academy Awards, received three, two in acting categories, and another for its original screenplay. Four films with five or more nominations were shut out: Broadcast News, Hope and Glory, Fatal Attraction, and Empire of the Sun. Janet Maslin, reviewing the ceremony for The New York Times, said the ceremony \"emphasiz[ed] the low-gloss aspects of today's Hollywood\"—a lack of gloss made particularly evident by the appearance of presenters Gregory Peck and Audrey Hepburn, who stood out like \"visiting royalty\".
/m/018d6l	John Symon Asher \"Jack\" Bruce is a Scottish musician and songwriter, known as a founder member of the British psychedelic rock power trio, Cream, in the late 1960s.\nHe has maintained a solo career to date that spans several decades, and also has participated in several critically acclaimed musical ensembles. Easily recognised as a memorable vocalist and bass guitarist, Bruce has been referred to as a \"World-class pioneer in his main instrument; a composer of some of the most endurable and recognisable rock songs of our time; an accomplished classical, jazz and Latin musician and one of popular music's most distinctive and evocative voices.\" Bruce is also trained as a classical cellist. However, despite all other genres of music with which he is associated, Bruce has always considered himself to be a jazz musician, although much of his catalogue of compositions and recordings tend to evoke the blues and rock and roll. The Sunday Times stated \"... many consider him to be one of the greatest bass players of all time.\"
/m/02pjc1h	In Bruges is a 2008 British black comedy film written and directed by Martin McDonagh. The film stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson as two Irish hitmen in hiding, with Ralph Fiennes as their gangster boss. The film takes place—and was filmed—in the Belgian city of Bruges.\nIn Bruges was the opening night film of the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. The film opened on limited release in the United States on 8 February 2008. It premiered at the Jameson Dublin International Film Festival on 15 February 2008, and later went on full release in Ireland on 8 March 2008. The film opened 18 April 2008, in the United Kingdom.\nFarrell won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy for the film, while Martin McDonagh won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay.
/m/0jyx6	Manhattan is a 1979 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Woody Allen from his screenplay co-written with Marshall Brickman and produced by Charles H. Joffe. Allen co-stars as a twice-divorced 42-year-old comedy writer dating a 17-year-old girl before eventually falling in love with his best friend's mistress. Meryl Streep and Anne Byrne also star in the film.\nManhattan was filmed in black-and-white and 2.35:1 widescreen. The decision to shoot in black and white was to give New York City a \"great look\". The film also features music composed by George Gershwin, including his arguably most famous piece, Rhapsody in Blue, which inspired the idea behind the film. Allen described the film as a combination of his previous two films, Annie Hall and Interiors.\nThe film was met with widespread critical acclaim and was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actress for Hemingway and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen for Allen and Brickman. Its North American box office receipts of $39.9 million made it Allen's second biggest box office hit. Often considered Allen's best film, it ranks 46th on AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs list and number 63 on Bravo's \"100 Funniest Movies.\" In 2001, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film \"culturally significant\" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
/m/06c62	Rome is a city and special comune in Italy. Rome is the capital of Italy and also of the Province of Rome and of the region of Lazio. With 2.7 million residents in 1,285.3 km², it is also the country's largest and most populated comune and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits. The urban area of Rome extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of around 3.8 million. Between 3.2 and 4.2 million people live in Rome metropolitan area. The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula, on the Tiber within Lazio. The Vatican City is an independent country within the city boundaries of Rome, the only example of a country within a city existing.\nRome's history spans more than two and a half thousand years, since its legendary founding in 753 BC. Rome is one of the oldest continuously occupied cities in Europe. It is referred to as \"The Eternal City\", a notion expressed by ancient Roman poets and writers. In the ancient world it was successively the capital city of the Roman Kingdom, the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire, and is regarded as one of the birthplaces of Western civilization. Since the 1st century AD, Rome has been considered the seat of the Papacy and in the 8th century it became the capital of the Papal States, which lasted until 1870. In 1871 Rome became the capital of the Kingdom of Italy, and in 1946 that of the Italian Republic.
/m/07w8f	Unitarian Universalism, or Unitarianism, is a liberal religion characterized by a \"free and responsible search for truth and meaning\". Unitarian Universalists do not share a creed, but are unified by their shared search for spiritual growth. The roots of Unitarian Universalism are in liberal Christianity, specifically Unitarianism and Christian Universalism. From these traditions comes a deep regard for intellectual freedom and inclusive love, so that currently individual congregations and members actively seek inspiration in and derive spiritual practices from all major world religions.\nThe theology of individual Unitarian Universalists ranges widely, including Humanism, Atheism, Agnosticism, Pantheism, Deism, Christianity, Judaism, Neopaganism, Buddhism, and many more.\nThe Unitarian Universalist Association was formed in 1961, a consolidation of the American Unitarian Association, established in 1825, and the Universalist Church of America, established in 1866. It is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, and serves churches mostly in the United States. The Canadian Unitarian Council became an independent body in 2002.
/m/026fs38	Becket is a 1964 British-American dramatic film adaptation of the play Becket or the Honour of God by Jean Anouilh made by Hal Wallis Productions and released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Peter Glenville and produced by Hal B. Wallis with Joseph H. Hazen as executive producer. The screenplay was written by Edward Anhalt based on Anouilh's play. The music score was by Laurence Rosenthal, the cinematography by Geoffrey Unsworth and the editing by Anne V. Coates.\nThe film stars Richard Burton as Thomas Becket and Peter O'Toole as King Henry II, with John Gielgud as King Louis VII, Donald Wolfit as Gilbert Foliot, Paolo Stoppa as Pope Alexander III, Martita Hunt as Empress Matilda, Pamela Brown as Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine, Siân Phillips, Felix Aylmer, Gino Cervi, David Weston, and Wilfrid Lawson.\nRestored prints of Becket were re-released in 30 theatres in the US in early 2007, following an extensive restoration from the film's YCM separation protection masters. The film was released on DVD by MPI Home Video in May 2007 and on Blu-ray Disc in November 2008. The new film prints carry a Dolby Digital soundtrack, although the soundtrack of the original film, which originally opened as a roadshow theatrical release, was also in stereo.
/m/03_48k	Freddie Joe \"Fred\" Ward is an American actor. He began his career in 1979 alongside Clint Eastwood in Escape from Alcatraz. His notable roles include Southern Comfort, The Right Stuff, Remo Williams, his self-produced movie Miami Blues, Tremors, Henry & June, The Player, Short Cuts, Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult, Tremors II: Aftershocks, Chain Reaction, Road Trip, Management as well as character roles in many action, drama, comedy, thriller, TV and b-movies. Ward also acted in European movies.
/m/099t8j	The following is a list of nominees and winners of the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actress. This award was first given in 1995. There were no nominees until 2001. There have been two ties in this category. There are currently six nominees annually.\n§ - indicates the performance was not nominated for the Academy Award
/m/01v1d8	A sampler is an electronic musical instrument similar in some respects to a synthesizer but, instead of generating sounds, it uses recordings of sounds that are loaded or recorded into it by the user and then played back by means of the sampler program itself, a keyboard, sequencer or other triggering device to perform or compose music. Because these samples are now usually stored in digital memory the information can be quickly accessed. A single sample may often be pitch-shifted to produce musical scales and chords.\nOften samplers offer filters, modulation via low frequency oscillation and other synthesizer-like processes that allow the original sound to be modified in many different ways. Most samplers have polyphonic capabilities - they are able to play more than one note at the same time. Many are also multitimbral - they can play back different sounds at the same time.
/m/02z0f6l	The Young Victoria is a 2009 British-American period drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and written by Julian Fellowes, based on the early life and reign of Queen Victoria, and her marriage to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Graham King, Martin Scorsese, Sarah, Duchess of York and Timothy Headington served as the film's producers. The film stars Emily Blunt, Rupert Friend, Paul Bettany, Miranda Richardson and Jim Broadbent among a large ensemble cast.\nFellowes sought to make the film as historically accurate as possible. With this in mind, Academy Award-winning costume designer Sandy Powell and historical consultant Alastair Bruce, 5th Baron Aberdare were hired. Filming for The Young Victoria took place at various historical landmarks in England to further the film's authenticity. Despite this, various aspects of the film have been criticised for historical inaccuracies.\nMomentum Pictures released the film in the United Kingdom, where it appeared in cinemas on 6 March 2009. Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions Group opened The Young Victoria in limited theatrical release in the United States on 18 December 2009 through Apparition. Critical reception was generally positive, and it scored a 76 percent rating on film review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based upon 139 reviews. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards, winning the 2009 Academy Award for Best Costume Design. The film also won for the Best Make-Up and Hair and Best Costume Design at the 63rd British Academy Film Awards.
/m/08433	William Seward Burroughs II was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, painter, and spoken word performer. A primary figure of the Beat Generation and a major postmodernist author, he is considered to be \"one of the most politically trenchant, culturally influential, and innovative artists of the 20th century\". His influence is considered to have affected a range of popular culture as well as literature. Burroughs wrote 18 novels and novellas, six collections of short stories and four collections of essays. Five books have been published of his interviews and correspondences. He also collaborated on projects and recordings with numerous performers and musicians, and made many appearances in films.\nHe was born to a wealthy family in St. Louis, Missouri, grandson of the inventor and founder of the Burroughs Corporation, William Seward Burroughs I, and nephew of public relations manager Ivy Lee. Burroughs began writing essays and journals in early adolescence. He left home in 1932 to attend Harvard University, studied English, and anthropology as a postgraduate, and later attended medical school in Vienna. After being turned down by the Office of Strategic Services and U.S. Navy in 1942 to serve in World War II, he dropped out and became afflicted with the drug addiction that affected him for the rest of his life, while working a variety of jobs. In 1943 while living in New York City, he befriended Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac, the mutually influential foundation of what became the countercultural movement of the Beat Generation.
/m/02fsn	The double bass, or upright bass, also called the string bass, bass fiddle, bass violin, doghouse bass, contrabass, bass viol, stand-up bass, bull fiddle or simply bass, is the largest and lowest-pitched bowed string instrument of the viol family in the modern symphony orchestra, with strings usually tuned to E1, A1, D2 and G2. The double bass is a standard member of the string section of the orchestra and smaller string ensembles in Western classical music. The double bass is played either with a bow or by plucking the strings. In orchestral repertoire and tango music, both arco and pizzicato are employed. In jazz, blues, and rockabilly, pizzicato is the norm. While classical music uses just the natural sound produced acoustically by the instrument, in jazz, blues, and related genres, the bass is typically amplified with a bass amplifier.\nThe bass is used in a range of genres, such as jazz, 1950s-style blues and rock and roll, rockabilly/psychobilly, traditional country music, bluegrass, tango and many types of folk music. A person who plays the double bass is usually referred to as a bassist. The double bass is a transposing instrument and sounds one octave lower than notated.
/m/02lfp4	Leslie Bricusse is an English composer, lyricist, and playwright, most prominently working in musicals and also film theme songs.
/m/0m32h	One of the most common malignant tumors afflicting men.  The majority of carcinomas arise in the peripheral zone and a minority occur in the central or the transitional zone of the prostate gland.  Grossly, prostatic carcinomas appear as ill-defined yellow areas of discoloration in the prostate gland lobes.  Adenocarcinomas represent the overwhelming majority of prostatic carcinomas.  Prostatic-specific antigen (PSA) serum test is widely used as a screening test for the early detection of prostatic carcinoma.  Treatment options include radical prostatectomy, radiation therapy, androgen ablation and cryotherapy.  Watchful waiting or surveillance alone is an option for older patients with low-grade or low-stage disease.  -- 2002
/m/081lh	Woody Allen is an American screenwriter, director, actor, comedian, author, playwright, and musician whose career spans more than 50 years.\nHe worked as a comedy writer in the 1950s, writing jokes and scripts for television and publishing several books of short humor pieces. In the early 1960s, Allen began performing as a stand-up comic, emphasizing monologues rather than traditional jokes. As a comic, he developed the persona of an insecure, intellectual, fretful nebbish, which he insists is quite different from his real-life personality. In 2004, Comedy Central ranked Allen in fourth place on a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics, while a UK survey ranked Allen as the third greatest comedian.\nBy the mid-1960s Allen was writing and directing films, first specializing in slapstick comedies before moving into dramatic material influenced by European art cinema during the 1970s. He is often identified as part of the New Hollywood wave of filmmakers of the mid-1960s to late '70s. Allen often stars in his films, typically in the persona he developed as a standup. Some best-known of his over 40 films are Annie Hall, Manhattan, Hannah and Her Sisters, and Midnight in Paris. Critic Roger Ebert described Allen as \"a treasure of the cinema.\"
/m/01f85k	In the Mood for Love is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Maggie Cheung and Tony Leung. The film premiered on 20 May 2000, at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Palme d'Or.\nThe film's original Chinese title, meaning \"the age of blossoms\" or \"the flowery years\" – Chinese metaphor for the fleeting time of youth, beauty and love – derives from a song of the same name by Zhou Xuan from a 1946 film. The English title derives from the song, \"I'm in the Mood for Love\". Wong had planned to name the film Secrets, until listening to the song late in post-production. The film forms the second part of an informal trilogy, together with the first part Days of Being Wild and the last part 2046.
/m/0807ml	Giancarlo Giuseppe Alessandro Esposito is an American actor, director, and producer. He is best known for his portrayal of Gustavo \"Gus\" Fring on the AMC series Breaking Bad, for which he won the Best Supporting Actor in a Drama award at the 2012 Critics' Choice Television Awards and was nominated for an Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series award at the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards. He is also well known for his roles in films such as Do the Right Thing, The Usual Suspects, and King of New York. He has portrayed Sidney Glass on ABC's Once Upon a Time and currently portrays Major Tom Neville in the NBC series Revolution.
/m/025j1t	Thomas Edward \"Tom\" Sizemore, Jr. is an American film and television actor and producer. He is known for his supporting roles in films such as Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down, Heat, Strange Days, Pearl Harbor, True Romance, Natural Born Killers, and is known for voicing Sonny Forelli in the video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
/m/0gt14	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington is a 1939 American political comedy-drama film, starring Jean Arthur and James Stewart, about one man's effect on American politics. It was directed by Frank Capra and written by Sidney Buchman, based on Lewis R. Foster's unpublished story. Mr. Smith Goes to Washington was controversial when it was released, but also successful at the box office, and made Stewart a major movie star. The film features a bevy of well-known supporting actors and actresses, among them Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell and Beulah Bondi.\nMr. Smith Goes to Washington was nominated for 11 Academy Awards, winning for Best Original Story. In 1989, the Library of Congress added the movie to the United States National Film Registry, for being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/04gmp_z	William Allen Horning was an American multiple Academy Award winner. He was married to Esther Montgomery until his death.\nAt the 31st Academy Awards ceremony for 1958, Horning received a posthumous Academy Award for Best Art Direction for that year's Best Picture winner, Gigi. The following year, he received two additional posthumous Oscar nominations, one for Alfred Hitchcock's North by Northwest and another for the 1959 epic film Ben-Hur. At the 32nd Academy Awards ceremony, Horning won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for Ben-Hur, that year's Best Picture winner. Like producer Sam Zimbalist, Horning was awarded his second Oscar posthumously, as both he and Zimbalist had died while the movie was still being filmed. To date, Horning is the only individual ever to win posthumous Academy Awards in consecutive ceremonies.
/m/0ftxw	Indianapolis is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana, and also the county seat of Marion County. As of the 2010 census, the city's population is 820,445. It is the 13th largest city in the United States and the 29th largest metropolitan area in the United States.\nHistorically, Indianapolis has oriented itself around government and industry, particularly manufacturing. Over the late decades of the 20th century, the city's Unigov began a long process to revitalize the downtown area. Today, Indianapolis has a much more diversified economy, contributing to the fields of education, health care, and finance. Tourism is also a vital part of the economy of Indianapolis, with the city playing host to numerous conventions and sporting events. Of these, perhaps the most well known are the annual Indianapolis 500, Brickyard 400, and NHRA U.S. Nationals. Other major sporting events include the annual Big Ten Conference football championship, Men's and Women's NCAA basketball tournaments. Indianapolis also hosted the Pan American Games in 1987 and Super Bowl XLVI in 2012.\nBoth Forbes and Livability.com rank Indianapolis as one of the best downtowns in the United States citing \"more than 200 retail shops, more than 35 hotels, nearly 300 restaurants and food options, movie theaters, sports venues, museums, art galleries and parks\" as attractions. Greater Indianapolis has seen moderate growth among U.S. cities. The population of the metropolitan statistical area was 1,756,241 according to the 2010 Census, making it the 34th-largest in the United States. The 2010 population of the Indianapolis combined statistical area, a larger trade area, was 2,080,782, the 23rd-largest in the country. Indianapolis is considered a gamma global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network. In 2013, the city won Sister Cities International's 2013 Best Overall Program award for jurisdictions of population 500,000 and above.
/m/0byfz	Laurence Kerr Olivier, Baron Olivier, OM was an English actor, director, and producer. Olivier is generally considered to have been one of the greatest actors of the 20th century.\nDuring a six-decade career, Olivier played many roles on stage and screen. His three Shakespeare films as actor-director, Henry V, Hamlet, and Richard III, are among the pinnacles of the bard at the cinema. On stage his more than 120 roles included Richard III, Macbeth, Romeo, Hamlet, Uncle Vanya, and Archie Rice in The Entertainer. He appeared in nearly sixty films, including William Wyler's Wuthering Heights and Alfred Hitchcock's Rebecca. He was the founding artistic director of the National Theatre Company in 1963, a post in which he remained for a decade. He had earlier filled the same post at the Old Vic after the Second World War. The largest stage in the National Theatre building was later named after him.\nOlivier retired from the stage in 1974, but his work on-screen continued until the year before his death in 1989. For television, he starred in Long Day's Journey into Night, The Merchant of Venice, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Brideshead Revisited, and King Lear, among others. His later films for cinema included Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth and John Schlesinger's Marathon Man.
/m/043c4j	Matthew Chamberlain is an American drummer, producer, and sound engineer. He is currently based in Los Angeles, California.
/m/04mkbj	Maroon is a dark brownish-red color, which takes its name from the French word marron, or chestnut. The Oxford English Dictionary describes it as \"a brownish crimson or claret color.\" In the RGB model used to create colors on computer screens and televisions, maroon is created by turning down the brightness of red by about half.
/m/021bk	Christopher Haden-Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest, better known as Christopher Guest, is an English-American screenwriter, composer, musician, director, actor, and comedian who holds dual British and American citizenship. He is most widely known in Hollywood for having written, directed and starred in several improvisational \"mockumentary\" films featuring an ensemble cast. This series of films began with This Is Spinal Tap, and continued with Waiting for Guffman, Best In Show, A Mighty Wind, and For Your Consideration. Guest also had a featured role as the evil six-fingered Count Rugen in the film The Princess Bride.\nHe holds a hereditary British peerage as the 5th Baron Haden-Guest, and has publicly expressed a desire to see the House of Lords reformed as a democratically elected chamber. Though he was initially active in the Lords, his career there was cut short by the House of Lords Act 1999. When using his title, he is normally styled as Lord Haden-Guest. Guest is married to the actress and author Jamie Lee Curtis.
/m/02rdyk7	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director is an annual award given by National Society of Film Critics to honor the best film director of the year.\nAmerican director Martin Scorsese and Swedish director Ingmar Bergman won this award a record 3 times. Scorsese for 1976 Taxi Driver, 1980 Raging Bull and 1990 GoodFellas; Bergman for 1967 Persona, 1968 Skammen & Vargtimmen and 1970 En passion. François Truffaut, Luis Buñuel Portolés, Robert Altman, Steven Spielberg, Mike Leigh, Clint Eastwood, Terence Malick, and David Cronenberg each won the award twice.
/m/02s5v5	Sarah E. Polley OC is a Canadian actress and film director. Polley first attained notice in her role as Sara Stanley in the Canadian television series Road to Avonlea. She has also starred in such films as Exotica, The Sweet Hereafter, Guinevere, Go, The Weight of Water, My Life Without Me, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Dawn of the Dead, Splice, and Mr. Nobody.\nPolley made her feature film directorial debut with Away from Her, for which she won a Genie Award for Best Achievement in Direction and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. Polley's second film, Take This Waltz, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2011. Her latest film, Stories We Tell, is her first feature-length documentary. It had its world premiere at the 2012 Venice Film Festival, and its North American premiere followed at the Toronto International Film Festival. The Toronto Film Critics Association awarded it the $100,000 prize for best Canadian film of the year.
/m/011yn5	As Good as It Gets is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by James L. Brooks and produced by Laura Ziskin. It stars Jack Nicholson as a misanthropic, obsessive-compulsive novelist, Helen Hunt as a single mother with an asthmatic son, and Greg Kinnear as a gay artist. The screenplay was written by Mark Andrus and James L. Brooks.\nNicholson and Hunt won the Academy Award for Best Actor and Academy Award for Best Actress, respectively, making As Good As It Gets the latest film to win both of the lead acting awards, and the first since 1991's The Silence of the Lambs. It is ranked 140th on Empire magazine's \"The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time\" list.
/m/0221zw	Sex, Lies, and Videotape is a 1989 American independent drama film that brought director Steven Soderbergh to prominence. It tells the story of a man who films women discussing their sexuality, and his impact on the relationships of a troubled married couple and the wife's younger sister.\nThe film won the Palme d'Or at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival, and was influential in revolutionizing the independent film movement in the early 1990s. In 2006, Sex, Lies, and Videotape was added to the United States Library of Congress' National Film Registry as being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/02bg55	The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American science fiction psychological thriller film that was written and directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber, starring Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart. The title refers to the butterfly effect, a popular hypothetical example of chaos theory which illustrates how small initial differences may lead to large unforeseen consequences over time.\nKutcher plays 20-year-old college student Evan Treborn, with Amy Smart as his childhood sweetheart Kayleigh Miller, William Lee Scott as her sadistic brother Tommy, and Elden Henson as their neighbor Lenny. Evan finds he has the ability to travel back in time to inhabit his former self and to change the present by changing his past behaviours. Having been the victim of several childhood traumas aggravated by stress-induced memory losses, he attempts to set things right for himself and his friends, but there are unintended consequences for all. The film draws heavily on flashbacks of the characters' lives at ages 7 and 13, and presents several alternate present-day outcomes as Evan attempts to change the past, before settling on a final outcome.\nThe film received a poor critical reception, but was nevertheless a commercial success, producing gross earnings of $96 million from a budget of $13 million. The film won the Pegasus Audience Award at the Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival, and was nominated for Best Science Fiction Film at the Saturn Awards and Choice Movie: Thriller in the Teen Choice Awards.
/m/038rzr	Gerard James Butler is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film, stage, and television. A trained lawyer, Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, which he followed with steady work on television, most notably in the American miniseries Attila.\nIn 2003, Butler played André Marek in the adaptation of Michael Crichton's Timeline. He garnered critical acclaim for his work as the lead in Joel Schumacher's 2004 film adaptation of the musical The Phantom of the Opera. In 2007, Butler gained recognition through his portrayal of King Leonidas in the film 300. Since then, he has appeared in projects including P.S. I Love You, Nim's Island, RocknRolla, The Ugly Truth, Gamer, Law Abiding Citizen, The Bounty Hunter, and Olympus Has Fallen. He also voiced Stoick in How to Train Your Dragon.
/m/02d4ct	Patricia Davies Clarkson is an American actress. After studying drama on the East Coast, Clarkson launched her acting career in 1985, and has worked steadily in both film and television since. She has starred in many leading and supporting roles in numerous well-known films such as The Untouchables, The Green Mile, Far from Heaven, Shutter Island, Good Night, and Good Luck, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, and Cairo Time, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Pieces of April. She twice won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her recurring role in Six Feet Under and starred in the popular and highly-rated television miniseries Queen.
/m/0m43j	Folkestone is a port located on the English Channel, in Kent, south-east England.
/m/024dzn	The Grammy Award for Best Album for Children has been awarded since 1959. Prior to 1992, the award was known as Best Recording for Children and was therefore open to any audio recording, whether it was an album, a single song, a recording of a book, or the audio from a television show or movie. In 1994 the award was divided into Best Musical Album for Children and Best Spoken Word Album for Children. In 2012, both categories were once again combined into the new Best Children's Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/02qjv1p	The Pacific is a 2010 television series produced by HBO, Seven Network Australia, Sky Movies, Playtone and DreamWorks that premiered in the United States on 14 March 2010.\nThe series is a companion piece to the 2001 miniseries Band of Brothers and focuses on the United States Marine Corps' actions in the Pacific Theater of Operations within the wider Pacific War. Whereas Band of Brothers followed one company of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment through the European Theater, The Pacific centers on the experiences of three Marines who were all in different regiments of the 1st Marine Division.\nThe Pacific was spearheaded by Bruce McKenna, one of the main writers on Band of Brothers. Hugh Ambrose, the son of Band of Brothers author Stephen Ambrose, served as a project consultant.\nThe miniseries features the 1st Marine Division's battles in the Pacific, such as Guadalcanal, Cape Gloucester, Peleliu, and Okinawa, as well as Basilone's involvement in the Battle of Iwo Jima. It is based primarily on the memoirs of two U.S. Marines: With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa by Eugene Sledge; and Helmet for My Pillow by Robert Leckie. It also draws on Sledge's China Marine and Red Blood, Black Sand, the memoir of Chuck Tatum, a Marine who fought alongside Basilone on Iwo Jima.
/m/026c1	Drew Blyth Barrymore is an American actress, screenwriter, film director, producer, model and author who is a descendant of the Barrymore family of well-known American stage and cinema actors, and is the granddaughter of film legend John Barrymore. Barrymore first appeared in an advertisement when she was eleven months old, a 1978 episodic television debut The Waltons as Melissa in season 7: episode 4 and her film debut in Altered States in 1980. Afterwards, she starred in her breakout role as Gertie in Steven Spielberg's E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and quickly became one of Hollywood's most recognized child actresses, going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles.\nFollowing a turbulent childhood which was marked by recurring drug and alcohol abuse and two stints in rehab, Barrymore wrote the 1990 autobiography, Little Girl Lost. She successfully made the transition from child star to adult actress with a number of films including Poison Ivy, Bad Girls, Boys on the Side, and Everyone Says I Love You. Subsequently, she established herself in romantic comedies such as The Wedding Singer and later, 50 First Dates.\nIn 1997, she and her business partner Nancy Juvonen formed the production company Flower Films, with its first production the 1999 Barrymore film Never Been Kissed. Flower Films has gone on to produce the Barrymore vehicle films Charlie's Angels, 50 First Dates, and Music and Lyrics, as well as the cult film Donnie Darko. Barrymore's more recent projects include He's Just Not That Into You, Beverly Hills Chihuahua, Everybody's Fine and Going the Distance. A recipient of a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, Barrymore appeared on the cover of the 2007 People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful issue.
/m/0137n0	Willie Hugh Nelson is an American country music singer-songwriter, as well as an author, poet, actor, and activist. The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie, combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger and Stardust, made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music. He was one of the main figures of outlaw country, a subgenre of country music that developed in the late 1960s as a reaction to the conservative restrictions of the Nashville sound. Nelson has acted in over 30 films, co-authored several books, and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana.\nBorn during the Great Depression, and raised by his grandparents, Nelson wrote his first song at age seven and joined his first band at ten. During high school, he toured locally with the Bohemian Polka as their lead singer and guitar player. After graduating from high school, in 1950, he joined the Air Force but was later discharged due to back problems. After his return, Nelson attended Baylor University for two years but dropped out because he was succeeding in music. During this time, he worked as a disc jockey in Texas radio stations and a singer in honky tonks. Nelson moved to Vancouver, Washington, where he wrote \"Family Bible\" and recorded the song \"Lumberjack\" in 1956. In 1958, he moved to Houston, Texas after signing a contract with D Records. He sang at the Esquire Ballroom weekly and he worked as a disk jockey. During that time, he wrote songs that would become country standards, including \"Funny How Time Slips Away\", \"Hello Walls\", \"Pretty Paper\", and \"Crazy\". In 1960 he moved to Nashville, Tennessee, and later signed a publishing contract with Pamper Music which allowed him to join Ray Price's band as a bassist. In 1962, he recorded his first album, ...And Then I Wrote. Due to this success, Nelson signed in 1964 with RCA Victor and joined the Grand Ole Opry the following year. After mid-chart hits in the late 1960s and the early 1970s, Nelson retired in 1972 and moved to Austin, Texas. The rise of the popularity of hippie music in Austin motivated Nelson to return from retirement, performing frequently at the Armadillo World Headquarters.
/m/040696	Anton Viktorovich Yelchin is an American film and television actor. He began performing in the late 1990s, appearing in several television roles and the Hollywood films Along Came a Spider and Hearts in Atlantis. Yelchin later appeared on the television series Huff and starred in the films House of D, Alpha Dog, Star Trek and its sequel Star Trek Into Darkness, Terminator Salvation, The Smurfs, Fright Night and Like Crazy. Yelchin's role as Jacob Clarke in the Steven Spielberg miniseries Taken was significant in furthering his career as a child actor.
/m/018q7	Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, KG, GCB, DSO, PC, nicknamed \"Monty\" and the \"Spartan General\", was a British Army officer.\nHe saw action in the First World War, where he was seriously wounded, and during the Second World War he commanded the Eighth Army from August 1942 in the Western Desert until the final Allied victory in Tunisia. This command included the Battle of El Alamein, a turning point in the Western Desert Campaign. He subsequently commanded the Eighth Army in Sicily and Italy before being given responsibility for planning the D-Day invasion in Normandy. He was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord from the initial landings until after the Battle of Normandy. He then continued in command of the 21st Army Group for the rest of the campaign in North West Europe. As such he was the principal field commander for the failed airborne attempt to bridge the Rhine at Arnhem and the Allied Rhine crossing. On 4 May 1945 he took the German surrender at Lüneburg Heath in northern Germany. After the war he became Commander-in-Chief of the British Army of the Rhine in Germany and then Chief of the Imperial General Staff.
/m/03f2_rc	Barbra Joan Streisand is an American singer-songwriter, author, actress, writer, film producer, and director. She has won two Academy Awards, eight Grammy Awards, five Emmy Awards including one Daytime Emmy, a Special Tony Award, an American Film Institute award, a Kennedy Center Honors award, a Peabody Award, and is one of the few entertainers who have won an Oscar, Emmy, Grammy, and Tony Award.\nShe is one of the best selling female artists of all time, with more than 71.5 million albums shipped in the United States and 145 million records sold worldwide. She is the best-selling female artist on the Recording Industry Association of America's Top Selling Album Artists list, the only female recording artist in the top ten, and the only artist outside of the rock and roll genre.\nAfter beginning a successful recording career in the 1960s, by the end of the decade, Streisand ventured into film starring in the critically acclaimed Funny Girl, for which she won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. Other notable films include The Owl and the Pussycat, The Way We Were and A Star Is Born for which she received her second Academy Award for composing the music to the picture’s main song, \"Evergreen\". By the 1980s, Streisand established herself as one of the film industry’s most notable figures by becoming the first woman to direct, produce, script and star in her own picture.
/m/078bz	Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university located in Syracuse, New York. The institution's roots can be traced to the Genesee Wesleyan Seminary, founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in Lima, New York, in 1831. Following several years of debate over relocating the college to Syracuse, the university was established in 1870, independent of the college. Since 1920, the university has identified itself as nonsectarian, although it maintains a relationship with The United Methodist Church.\nThe campus is located in the University Hill neighborhood of Syracuse, east and southeast of downtown, on one of the larger hills. Its large campus features an eclectic mix of buildings, ranging from nineteenth-century Romanesque Revival structures to contemporary buildings. SU is organized into 13 schools and colleges, with nationally recognized programs in information studies and library science, architecture, communications, business administration, sport management, public administration, engineering and the College of Arts and Sciences.\nSyracuse University athletic teams, known as the Orange, participate in 20 intercollegiate sports. SU is a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference for all NCAA Division I athletics, except for women's ice hockey, and the rowing team. SU is also a member of the Eastern College Athletic Conference.
/m/08xpv_	The Pittsburgh metropolitan area is the largest population center in both the Ohio River Valley and Appalachia. The metropolitan area consists of the city of Pittsburgh in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and surrounding counties. By many definitions the area extends into the U.S. states of West Virginia and Ohio. The larger \"tri-state\" region is defined by the U.S. Census as the Combined Statistical Area while definitions of the Metropolitan Statistical Area are within Pennsylvania.\nThe area is renowned for its industries including steel, glass and oil; its economy also thrives on healthcare, education, technology, robotics, financial services and the film industry. The region is an emergent area for oil and natural gas companies' Marcellus shale production. The city is headquarters to major global financial institutions including PNC Financial Services, Federated Investors and the regional headquarters of BNY Mellon. The region is also the 21st largest port in the United States with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo for 2011, the port ranked 9th largest in the U.S. when measured in domestic trade.
/m/03bww6	The Surreal Life is a reality television series that sets a select group of past-their-prime celebrities and records them as they live together in Glen Campbell's former mansion in the Hollywood Hills for two weeks. The format of the show resembles that of The Real World and Road Rules, in that the cameras not only record the castmates' participation in group activities assigned to them, but also their interpersonal relationships and conflicts. The series is also likened to The Challenge in that previously known individuals from separate origins of entertainment are brought together into one cast. The show's first two seasons aired on The WB, and subsequent seasons have been shown on VH1.
/m/0l14v3	Conch, or conque, is a musical instrument, a wind instrument that is made from a seashell, the shell of one of several different kinds of very large sea snail. These instruments are sometimes referred to as \"shell trumpets\".\nThe shells of large marine gastropods are prepared by cutting a hole in the spire of the shell near the apex, and then blowing into the shell as if it were a trumpet, as in blowing horn. Sometimes a mouthpiece is used, but some shell trumpets are blown without one.\nVarious species of large marine gastropod shells can be turned into \"blowing shells\", but some of the best-known species are: the sacred chank or shankha Turbinella pyrum, the \"Triton's trumpet\" Charonia tritonis, and the Queen Conch Strombus gigas.
/m/0gy0n	The Ring is a 2002 American psychological horror film directed by Gore Verbinski, starring Naomi Watts, Daveigh Chase, and Martin Henderson. It is a remake of the 1998 Japanese horror film Ringu, which itself was based on the novel Ringu by Kôji Suzuki, and focuses on a mysterious cursed videotape that contains a seemingly random series of disturbing images. After watching the tape, the viewer receives a phone call in which a girl's voice announces that the viewer will die in seven days. The film was a critical and commercial success.
/m/02ylg6	Punch-Drunk Love is a 2002 romantic comedy-drama written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, starring Adam Sandler and Emily Watson. Philip Seymour Hoffman and Luis Guzmán also appear.\nAfter the release of his previous film Magnolia, Anderson stated that he would like to work with Adam Sandler in the future and that he was determined to make his next film ninety minutes long.\nThe film won rave reviews for Adam Sandler in his first major departure from the broader comedies that had made him a star. Roger Ebert wrote in the Chicago Sun-Times that \"Sandler, liberated from the constraints of formula, reveals unexpected depths as an actor. Watching this film, you can imagine him in Dennis Hopper roles. He has darkness, obsession and power. He can't go on making those moronic comedies forever, can he?\" He won Best Actor at the Gijón International Film Festival and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, and was, at one point, a contender for the Academy Award for Best Actor, but he was not nominated.\nThe film was produced by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema, and distributed by Columbia Pictures; it features the video art of Jeremy Blake in the form of visual interludes.
/m/01yfp7	The Gap, Inc., commonly known as Gap Inc. or Gap, is an American multinational clothing and accessories retailer. It was founded in 1969 by Donald G. Fisher and Doris F. Fisher and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. The company operates five primary divisions: the namesake banner, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Piperlime, and Athleta. Gap Inc. was surpassed by Spanish-based Inditex Group as the world's largest apparel retailer, based on the total numbers of international locations, however it remains the largest specialty retailer in the United States. As of September 2008, the company has approximately 135,000 employees and operates 3,076 stores worldwide, of which 2,551 are located in the U.S.\nThe Fisher family remains deeply involved in the company, collectively owning much of its stock. Donald Fisher served as Chairman of the Board until 2004, playing a role in the ouster of then-CEO Millard Drexler in 2002, and remained on the board until his death on September 27, 2009. Fisher's wife and their son, Robert J. Fisher, also serve on Gap's board of directors. Robert succeeded his father as chairman in 2004 and also served as CEO on an interim basis following the resignation of Paul Pressler in 2007, before being succeeded permanently by Glenn K. Murphy.
/m/03nsm5x	Seven Pounds is a 2008 drama film, directed by Gabriele Muccino, in which Will Smith stars as a man who sets out to change the lives of seven people. Rosario Dawson, Woody Harrelson, and Barry Pepper also star. The film was released in theaters in the United States and Canada on December 19, 2008, by Columbia Pictures. Despite generally negative reviews from critics it was a box office success, grossing $168,168,201 worldwide.
/m/071pf2	Scott Douglas McDonald is an Australian footballer who plays as a striker for English Championship side Millwall and the Australia national team.
/m/04zx3q1	Doctor of Philosophy, abbreviated as PhD, Ph.D., D.Phil., or DPhil in English-speaking countries and originally as Dr.Philos., is in many countries a postgraduate academic degree awarded by universities. The academic level known as a Doctorate of philosophy varies considerably according to the country, institution, and time period, from entry-level research degrees to higher doctorates. A person who attains a doctorate of philosophy is automatically awarded the academic title of doctor.\nIn the context of academic degrees, the term \"philosophy\" does not refer solely to the field of philosophy, but is used in a broader sense in accordance with its original Greek meaning, which is \"love of wisdom\". In most of Europe, all fields other than theology, law, and medicine were traditionally known as philosophy, and in Germany and elsewhere in Europe the basic faculty of arts was known as the faculty of philosophy. The doctorate of philosophy as it exists today thus originated as a doctorate in the liberal arts at the Friedrich-Wilhelms Universität, the buildings of which are today used by the Humboldt University of Berlin, becoming common in large parts of the world in the 20th century.
/m/016ypb	Hugo Wallace Weaving is an Australian film and stage actor. He is best known for his roles as Agent Smith in The Matrix trilogy and Elrond in the Lord of the Rings film trilogy and The Hobbit film trilogy. He first rose to prominence for his performance as Martin in Proof. Other notable works include Tick in The Adventures of Priscilla, V in V for Vendetta, Red Skull in Captain America: The First Avenger and multiple roles in Cloud Atlas. He has also provided the voice Rex in Babe, Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two and Megatron in the Transformers film series as well as starring in numerous Australian character dramas. He has received many award nominations and wins during his career, including a Satellite Award, an MTV Movie Award and several Australian Film Institute Awards.
/m/01npw8	MGM Resorts International is a Paradise, Nevada based gaming and hospitality company. It is the second largest gaming company in the world by revenue—about $6 billion in 2009. It owns and operates 15 properties in Nevada, Mississippi, and Michigan, and has 50% investments in four other properties in Nevada, Illinois and Macau, China.\nThe company became MGM Mirage on May 31, 2000, with the merger of MGM Grand and Mirage Resorts. In the mid-2000s, growth of its non-gaming revenue began to outpace gaming receipts and demand for high-rise condominiums was surging, with median property prices in Las Vegas twice the national average. The company shifted its business model from fully owning and operating resorts and casinos, to being more real estate focused—launching the massive Citycenter mixed-use project. Unfortunately, the latter's development coincided with vast overbuilding on the Strip and a global financial crisis, causing large losses and writedowns in valuation.\nIn June 2010, the company changed to its present name, to reflect its latest strategy of expanding worldwide, including licensing its brand and expertise to develop non-gaming hotels and residences. Through 6 global offices of its subsidiary, MGM Resorts Hospitality, it has agreements to develop and manage nongaming Bellagio, MGM Grand and Skylofts hotels in countries such as Dubai, Abu Dhabi, India, Vietnam, Egypt and China by 2013.
/m/0dgrwqr	Red State is a 2011 American independent action-horror film, written and directed by Kevin Smith, starring John Goodman, Melissa Leo and Michael Parks.\nFor months, Smith had maintained that the rights to the film would be auctioned off to a distributor at a controversial event to be held after its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, but instead Smith purchased the film himself, which, according to John Horn of Los Angeles Times, \"might have been a difficult sale for any distributor\". Smith originally planned to self-distribute the picture under the SModcast Pictures banner with a traveling show in select cities, before officially releasing the movie on October 19, 2011. Kevin Smith listed Mel Gibson as his inspiration for how he planned to distribute this movie, citing Gibson's The Passion of the Christ as an example of a successfully self-distributed movie.\nOn June 28, 2011, Smith announced a one-week run in Quentin Tarantino's New Beverly Cinema. The film was released via video on demand on September 1, 2011 through Lionsgate, was released in select theaters again for a special one-night only engagement on September 23, 2011, and was released on home video October 18, 2011.
/m/03qhyn8	Danilo Donati was an Italian costume designer and production designer. He won the Academy Award for Costume Design twice: the first time for his work in Romeo and Juliet, the second time for his work in Fellini's Casanova. In addition, he received numerous David di Donatello and Nastro d'Argento awards for his costume and production designs in various films.\nAmong the film directors with whom Donati had worked were Federico Fellini and Pier Paolo Pasolini.
/m/0bbf1f	Kate Noelle \"Katie\" Holmes is an American actress and model who first achieved fame for her role as Joey Potter on The WB television teen drama Dawson's Creek from 1998 to 2003. Since Dawson's Creek, Holmes' career has consisted of movie roles such as in Batman Begins, art house films such as The Ice Storm, horror films such as Don't Be Afraid of the Dark and thrillers including Abandon. She has also played on Broadway in a production of Arthur Miller's All My Sons and had numerous guest roles on television programs such as How I Met Your Mother.
/m/0y_9q	Dances with Wolves is a 1990 American epic western film directed, produced by, and starring Kevin Costner. It is a film adaptation of the 1988 book of the same name by Michael Blake and tells the story of a Union Army lieutenant who travels to the American frontier to find a military post, and his dealings with a group of Lakota Indians.\nCostner developed the film over a period of 5 years, with an initial budget of $15 million. Dances with Wolves had high production values and won seven Academy Awards including Best Picture and the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama. Much of the dialogue is spoken in Lakota with English subtitles. It was shot in South Dakota and Wyoming, and translated by Albert White Hat, the chair of the Lakota Studies Department at Sinte Gleska University.\nThe film is credited as a leading influence for the revitalization of the Western genre of filmmaking in Hollywood. In 2007, Dances with Wolves was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/06w87	Steel guitar is a type of guitar or the method of playing the instrument. Developed in Hawaii in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a steel guitar is usually positioned horizontally; strings are plucked with one hand, while the other hand changes the pitch of one or more strings with the use of a bar or slide called a steel. The term steel guitar is often mistakenly used to describe any metal body resophonic guitar.\nSteel guitar can describe:\nA method of playing slide guitar using a steel. Resonator guitars, including round necked varieties, are particularly suitable for this style, yet are seldom referred to as \"steel guitars\", but rather referred to generally as a Dobro, acoustic slide guitar, or square neck resonator guitars. Dobro is also a brand name of one of the leading manufacturers of resonator guitars.\nA specialized instrument built for playing in steel guitar fashion. These are of several types:\nLap steel guitar, which may be:\nLap slide guitar, with a conventional wooden guitar box.\nThe square-necked variety of resonator guitar.\nElectric lap steel guitar.\nElectric console steel guitar.\nElectric pedal steel guitar.
/m/0fgg4	Jennifer Lynn Connelly is an American film actress, who began her career as a child model. She appeared in magazine, newspaper and television advertising, before making her motion picture debut in the 1984 crime film Once Upon a Time in America. Connelly continued modeling and acting, starring in films such as the 1986 Labyrinth and the 1991 Career Opportunities. She gained critical acclaim for her work in the 1998 science fiction film Dark City and for her portrayal of Marion Silver in the 2000 drama Requiem for a Dream.\nIn 2002, Connelly won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for her supporting role as Alicia Nash in Ron Howard's 2001 biopic A Beautiful Mind. Her later credits include the 2003 Marvel superhero film Hulk where she played Hulk/Bruce Banner's true love Betty Ross, the 2005 thriller Dark Water, the 2006 drama Blood Diamond, the 2008 science fiction remake The Day the Earth Stood Still, the 2009 romantic comedy He's Just Not That Into You and the 2009 biographical drama Creation. In 2012, she re-teamed with her Requiem for a Dream director Darren Aronofsky and A Beautiful Mind co-star Russell Crowe for the biblical epic Noah.
/m/0c4f4	Helen Elizabeth Hunt is an American actress, film director, and screenwriter. She starred in the sitcom, Mad About You, for seven years before being cast in the 1997 romantic comedy film, As Good as It Gets for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Some of her other notable films include Twister, Cast Away, What Women Want, Pay It Forward, Soul Surfer and The Sessions. She made her directorial debut in 2007 with Then She Found Me. She has won four Emmy awards, four Golden Globe awards, two Screen Actors Guild awards, and an Oscar.
/m/03f0324	Franz Kafka was a German-language writer of novels and short stories, regarded by critics as one of the most influential authors of the 20th century. Kafka strongly influenced genres such as existentialism. Most of his works, such as \"Die Verwandlung\", Der Prozess, and Das Schloss, are filled with the themes and archetypes of alienation, physical and psychological brutality, parent–child conflict, characters on a terrifying quest, labyrinths of bureaucracy, and mystical transformations.\nKafka was born into a middle-class, German-speaking Jewish family in Prague, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. In his lifetime, most of the population of Prague spoke Czech, and the division between Czech- and German-speaking people was a tangible reality, as both groups were strengthening their national identity. The Jewish community often found itself in between the two sentiments, naturally raising questions about a place to which one belongs. Kafka himself was fluent in both languages, considering German his mother tongue.\nKafka trained as a lawyer and, after completing his legal education, obtained employment with an insurance company. He began to write short stories in his spare time. For the rest of his life, he complained about the little time he had to devote to what he came to regard as his calling. He regretted having to devote so much attention to his Brotberuf. Kafka preferred to communicate by letter; he wrote hundreds of letters to family and close female friends, including his father, his fiancée Felice Bauer, and his youngest sister Ottla. He had a complicated and troubled relationship with his father that had a major effect on his writing. He also suffered conflict over being Jewish, feeling that it had little to do with him, although critics argue that it influenced his writing.
/m/01z5tr	Debra Lynn Messing is an American actress. She is known for her television roles in Will & Grace, The Starter Wife and Smash.\nFollowing her graduation from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, Messing had short-lived tenures on the Fox sitcom Ned & Stacey and the ABC sci-fi Prey. She rose to prominence in her role as Grace Adler on the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, earning both commercial and critical success throughout the series' eight season run. She also received critical acclaim for her work as Molly Kagan in the USA Network series The Starter Wife. She also played the lead role of Julia Houston in the musical-drama series Smash, before it was cancelled by NBC after two seasons.\nHer film roles have included an unfaithful bride in Along Came Polly, followed by a more sympathetic role in The Wedding Date, and then Nothing Like the Holidays. She has also voiced roles in several animated films such as Garfield and Open Season.\nThroughout her career she has been nominated for a total of six Emmy Awards, eight Golden Globe Awards and eight Screen Actors Guild Award. In 2003 she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her performance on Will & Grace.
/m/0qlnr	Bucknell University is a private liberal arts university located alongside the West Branch Susquehanna River in the town of Lewisburg, in central Pennsylvania, United States. The university consists of the College of Arts and Sciences, School of Management, and the College of Engineering. Bucknell was founded in 1846, and features programs in engineering, management, education, and music, as well as programs and pre-professional advising that prepare students for study in law and medicine. It has almost 50 majors and over 60 minors.\nIt is primarily an undergraduate school, and 150 graduate students on the campus. Students come from all 50 states and from more than 66 countries. Bucknell has nearly 200 student organizations and a large Greek presence. The school's mascot is Bucky the Bison and the school is a member of the Patriot League in NCAA Division I athletics.
/m/0gx1bnj	Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is a 2012 comedy-drama film written and directed by Lorene Scafaria, in her directorial debut. The film stars Steve Carell and Keira Knightley.The title and plot are a reference to a track on Chris Cornell's 1999 album, Euphoria Morning, called \"Preaching the End of the World\".
/m/02zp1t	Hempstead is a village located in the town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 53,891 at the 2010 census, making it the most populated village in New York.\nHofstra University is located on the border between Hempstead and Uniondale.
/m/01xllf	Dan \"Danny\" Trejo is an American actor who has appeared in numerous Hollywood films, often as hypermasculine characters, villains and anti-heroes. Some of his notable films include Heat, Con Air, Machete and Desperado, the latter two with frequent collaborator Robert Rodriguez.
/m/017s11	Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. is an American film production and distribution studio, that is part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group, owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment, a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment, a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony. It is one of the leading film studios in the world, a member of the so-called Big Six. It was one of the so-called Little Three among the eight major film studios of Hollywood's Golden Age.\nThe studio, founded in 1918 as Cohn-Brandt-Cohn Film Sales by brothers Jack and Harry Cohn and Joe Brandt, released its first feature film in August 1922. It adopted the Columbia Pictures name in 1924 and went public two years later. The name is derived from \"Columbia\", a national personification of the United States, which is used as the company's logo.\nIn its early years a minor player in Hollywood, Columbia began to grow in the late 1920s, spurred by a successful association with director Frank Capra.\nWith Capra and others, Columbia became one of the primary homes of the screwball comedy. In the 1930s, Columbia's major contract stars were Jean Arthur and Cary Grant. In the 1940s, Rita Hayworth became the studio's premier star and propelled their fortunes into the late 1950s. Rosalind Russell, Glenn Ford, and William Holden also became major stars at the studio.
/m/01ym9b	Downtempo is a type of electronic music style similar to ambient music, but usually with a beat or groove. The tempo, as well as the drum patterns of each track can vary. Sometimes the beat can be restrained and/or simple. Sometimes the beats are more complicated and more featured instead of being in the background, but even then they are usually less intense than other kinds of electronic music like trance and house. The tempo is often slower than that of traditional electronic dance music. Often the name chill-out music is used to refer to songs demonstrative of the genre, but those names also refer to other styles of music, and downtempo encompasses a wider variety of styles than those terms alone would indicate. Due to the relaxing and often sensual or romantic feel of most downtempo music, it is a popular form of background music in 'chill out rooms' of dance parties, and many alternative cafes.
/m/0nryt	Linn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 211,226 in the 2010 census, an increase from 191,701 in the 2000 census. The county seat is Cedar Rapids. Linn county is named in honor of Senator Lewis Linn of Missouri.\nLinn County is one of the three counties that make up the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01v1ln	Tomorrow Never Dies is the eighteenth spy film in the James Bond series, and the second to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Directed by Roger Spottiswoode, with the screenplay written by Bruce Feirstein, the film follows Bond as he attempts to stop a power-mad media mogul from engineering world events to initiate World War III.\nThe film was produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli, and was the first James Bond film made after the death of producer Albert R. Broccoli, to whom the movie pays tribute in the end credits. Filming locations included France, Thailand, Germany, Mexico and the United Kingdom. Tomorrow Never Dies performed well at the box office and earned a Golden Globe nomination despite mixed reviews. While its performance at the domestic box office surpassed that of its predecessor, GoldenEye, it was the only Pierce Brosnan Bond film not to open at number one at the box office as it opened the same day as Titanic.
/m/0bqs56	Conan Christopher O'Brien is an American television host, comedian, writer, producer, musician, and voice actor. He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows, the most recent of which, Conan, premiered on American cable television station TBS in 2010. O'Brien was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, and was raised in an Irish Catholic family. He served as president of the Harvard Lampoon while attending Harvard University, and was a writer for the sketch comedy series Not Necessarily the News.\nAfter writing for several comedy shows in Los Angeles, he joined the writing staff of Saturday Night Live. O'Brien was a writer and producer for The Simpsons for two seasons until he was commissioned by NBC to take over David Letterman's position as host of Late Night in 1993. A virtual unknown to the public, O'Brien's initial time on Late Night tenure received unfavorable reviews and remained on a multiweek renewal cycle during its early years. The show generally improved over time and was highly regarded by the time of his departure in 2009. Afterwards, O'Brien relocated from New York to Los Angeles to host his own incarnation of The Tonight Show for seven months until network politics prompted a host change in 2010.
/m/0ggx5q	Dance music is music composed specifically to facilitate or accompany dancing. It can be either a whole musical piece or part of a larger musical arrangement. In terms of performance, the major categories are live dance music and recorded dance music.
/m/011s9r	Joseph \"Joe\" Shuster was a Canadian-American comic book artist. He was best known for co-creating the DC Comics character Superman, with writer Jerry Siegel, first published in Action Comics No. 1.\nShuster was involved in a number of legal battles concerning the ownership of the Superman character, eventually gaining recognition for his part in its creation. His comic book career after Superman was relatively unsuccessful, and by the mid-1970s Shuster had left the field completely due to partial blindness.\nHe and Siegel were inducted into both the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1993. In 2005, the Canadian Comic Book Creator Awards Association instituted the Joe Shuster Awards, named to honor the Canada-born artist.
/m/047dpm0	The following are the first round picks in the 1995 Major League Baseball draft.\n\n* Did not sign
/m/02qvzf	In ice hockey, the goaltender, also known colloquially as the goalie, is the player who defends their team's goal net by stopping shots of the puck from entering their team's net, thus preventing the opposing team from scoring. The goalie usually plays in or near the area in front of the net called the goal crease. Goalies tend to stay at or beyond the top of the crease to cut down on the angle of shots. Because of the power of shots, the goaltender wears special equipment designed to protect the body from direct impact. The goalie is one of the most valuable players on the ice, as their performance can greatly change the outcome or score of the game. Only one goalie is allowed to be on the ice for each team at any given time.
/m/02jsgf	Joan Allen is an American actress, who has worked in theatre, film and television. She is a Tony Award winner, and a three-time Academy Award nominee.\nAllen began her acting career with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in 1977. She made her Broadway debut in the 1987 play Burn This, winning the 1988 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play. She also received a Tony Award nomination in 1989, for The Heidi Chronicles.\nShe has received three Academy Award nominations; she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for Nixon and The Crucible, and for Best Actress for The Contender.\nHer other films include Manhunter, Peggy Sue Got Married, Tucker: The Man and His Dream, In Country, The Ice Storm, Face/Off, Pleasantville, The Notebook, The Bourne Supremacy The Bourne Ultimatum, Death Race and The Bourne Legacy.
/m/06lbpz	A social problem film is a narrative film that integrates a larger social conflict into the individual conflict between its characters. Like many film genres, the exact definition is often in the eye of the beholder, but Hollywood did produce and market a number of topical films in the 1930s and by the 1940s, the term \"social problem\" or \"message\" film was conventional in its usage among the film industry and the public.
/m/03z5xd	The Ninety-fifth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1977 to January 3, 1979, during the first two years of the administration of U.S. President Jimmy Carter.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority. It was the first time either party held a filibuster-proof 60% super majority in both the Senate and House chambers since the 89th United States Congress in 1965, and last time until the 111th United States Congress in 2009. All three super majorities were Democratic party and also were accompanied by Democratic Presidents.
/m/0n08r	Heaven's Gate is a 1980 American epic Western film written and directed by Michael Cimino. Loosely based on the Johnson County War, it portrays a fictional dispute between land barons and European immigrants in Wyoming in the 1890s. The cast includes Kris Kristofferson, Christopher Walken, Isabelle Huppert, Jeff Bridges, John Hurt, Sam Waterston, Brad Dourif, Joseph Cotten, Geoffrey Lewis, David Mansfield, Richard Masur, Terry O'Quinn, Mickey Rourke, and Willem Dafoe in his first film role.\nThere were major setbacks in the film's production due to cost and time overruns, negative press, and rumors about Cimino's allegedly overbearing directorial style. It is generally considered one of the biggest box office bombs of all time, and in some circles has been considered to be one of the worst films ever made. It opened to poor reviews and earned less than $3 million domestically, eventually contributing to the near collapse of its studio, United Artists, and effectively destroying the reputation of Cimino, previously one of the ascendant directors of Hollywood owing to his celebrated 1978 film The Deer Hunter, which had won Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Director in 1979. Cimino had an expansive and ambitious vision for the film and pushed it about four times over its planned budget. The movie's financial problems and United Artists' consequent demise led to a move away from director-driven film production in the American film industry and a shift toward greater studio control of films.
/m/0n1h	An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art, practicing the arts, and/or demonstrating an art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only. The term is often used in the entertainment business, especially in a business context, for musicians and other performers. \"Artiste\" is a variant used in English only in this context. Use of the term to describe writers, for example, is certainly valid, but less common, and mostly restricted to contexts like criticism.
/m/05jjl	Neil Simon is an American playwright and screenwriter. He has written over thirty plays and nearly the same number of movie screenplays, most adapted from his plays. He has received more Oscar and Tony nominations than any other writer.\nHe grew up in New York during the Great Depression, with his parents' financial hardships affecting their marriage, and giving him a mostly unhappy and unstable childhood. He often took refuge in movie theaters where he enjoyed watching the early comedians like Charlie Chaplin, which inspired him to become a comedy writer. After a few years in the Army Air Force Reserve after graduating high school, he began writing comedy scripts for radio and some popular early television shows. Among them were The Phil Silvers Show and Sid Caesar's Your Show of Shows in 1950, where he worked alongside other young writers including Carl Reiner, Mel Brooks and Selma Diamond.\nHe began writing his own plays beginning with Come Blow Your Horn, which took him three years to complete and ran for 678 performances on Broadway. It was followed by two more successful plays, Barefoot in the Park and The Odd Couple, for which he won a Tony Award, making him a national celebrity and \"the hottest new playwright on Broadway.\" His style ranged from romantic comedy to farce to more serious dramatic comedy. Overall, he has garnered seventeen Tony nominations and won three. During one season, he had four successful plays showing on Broadway at the same time, and in 1983 became the only living playwright to have a New York theatre, the Neil Simon Theatre, named in his honor. During the time between the 1960s, 70s, and 80s, he wrote both original screenplays and stage plays, with some films actually based on his plays.
/m/014g91	William John Evans, known as Bill Evans, was an American jazz pianist and composer who mostly worked in a trio setting. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest jazz pianists of all time, and is considered by some to have been the most influential post-World War II jazz pianist. Evans's use of impressionist harmony, inventive interpretation of traditional jazz repertoire, block chords, and trademark rhythmically independent, \"singing\" melodic lines continue to influence jazz pianists today. Unlike many other jazz musicians of his time, Evans never embraced new movements like jazz fusion or free jazz.\nBorn in Plainfield, New Jersey, Evans was classically trained, and studied at Southeastern Louisiana University. In 1955, he moved to New York, where he worked with bandleader and theorist George Russell. In 1958, Evans joined Miles Davis's sextet, where he was to have a profound influence. In 1959, the band, then immersed in modal jazz, recorded Kind of Blue, the best-selling jazz album of all time.\nIn late 1959, Evans left the Miles Davis band and began his career as a leader with Scott LaFaro and Paul Motian, a group now regarded as a seminal modern jazz trio. In 1961, ten days after recording the highly acclaimed Sunday at the Village Vanguard and Waltz for Debby, LaFaro died in a car accident. After months of seclusion, Evans re-emerged with a new trio, featuring bassist Chuck Israels.
/m/0cbxl0	Manish Malhotra is one of India's most successful fashion designers. Malhotra has designed for many leading actresses in Bollywood. He is known in the Indian film industry for his different style and his ability to envision a 'look' for the character. He is known for designing the costumes for Urmila Matondkar in the film Rangeela. Stars including Sridevi, Kajol, Karisma Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukherji, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra, Katrina Kaif, Sonam Kapoor and Preity Zinta have worn his designs. Although he usually designs for women, he designed for Shahrukh Khan in Mohabbatein and Imran Khan in I Hate Luv Storys. He was also asked to design clothes for Michael Jackson when he visited India for a Bollywood show.\nHis designs have been seen in films such as Raja Hindustani, Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Dhadkan and Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai.\nManish has trained fellow designer Surily Goel, who made her debut at Lakme Fashion Week 2006.\nIn 2005, he began a talk show named The Manish Malhotra Show.
/m/064vjs	This article discusses competitive forms canoe and kayak racing, most of which are governed by the International Canoe Federation. Canoe and kayak events have been part of Olympic competition since 1936.
/m/044_7j	Steven Jay \"Steve\" Blum is an American voice actor of anime and video games known for his distinctive deep voice.
/m/03z9585	The Tourist is a 2010 romantic comedy thriller co-written and directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp. It is based on the screenplay for Anthony Zimmer. GK Films financed and produced the film, with Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions releasing it in most countries through Columbia Pictures. The $100 million-budgeted film went on to gross $278 million at the worldwide box office.\nDespite the negative reception from the critics, the film was nominated for three Golden Globes, with a debate arising over the question as to whether it was a comedy or a drama. Henckel von Donnersmarck repeatedly stated it was neither genre, calling it \"a travel romance with thriller elements\", but that if he had to choose between the two, he would choose comedy.
/m/09k56b7	Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological thriller/horror film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Natalie Portman, Vincent Cassel, and Mila Kunis. The plot revolves around a production of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake ballet by a prestigious New York City company. The production requires a ballerina to play the innocent and fragile White Swan, for which the committed dancer Nina is a perfect fit, as well as the dark and sensual Black Swan, which are qualities embodied by the new arrival Lily. Nina is overwhelmed by a feeling of immense pressure when she finds herself competing for the part, causing her to lose her tenuous grip on reality and descend into a living nightmare.\nAronofsky conceived the premise by connecting his viewings of a production of Swan Lake with an unrealized screenplay about understudies and the notion of being haunted by a double, similar to the folklore surrounding doppelgängers. Aronofsky cites Fyodor Dostoyevsky's \"The Double\" as another inspiration for the film. The director also considered Black Swan a companion piece to his 2008 film The Wrestler, with both films involving demanding performances for different kinds of art. He and Portman first discussed the project in 2000, and after a brief attachment to Universal Studios, Black Swan was produced in New York City in 2009 by Fox Searchlight Pictures. Portman and Kunis trained in ballet for several months prior to filming, and notable figures from the ballet world helped with film production to shape the ballet presentation.
/m/05jphn	The Newfoundland Time Zone is a geographic region that keeps time by subtracting 3½ hours from Coordinated Universal Time during standard time, resulting in UTC−03:30; or subtracting 2½ hours during daylight saving time. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the meridian 52 degrees and 30 arcminutes west of the Greenwich Observatory.
/m/03ndd	The hammered dulcimer is a stringed musical instrument with the strings stretched over a trapezoidal sounding board. Typically, the hammered dulcimer is set on a stand, at an angle, before the musician, who holds small mallet hammers in each hand to strike the strings. The Graeco-Roman dulcimer derives from the Latin dulcis and the Greek melos. The dulcimer, in which the strings are beaten with small hammers, originated from the psaltery, in which the strings are plucked.\nVarious types of hammered dulcimers are traditionally played in Iraq, India, Iran, Southwest Asia, China, and parts of Southeast Asia, Central Europe, the Balkans, Eastern Europe and Scandinavia. The instrument is also played in the United Kingdom and the U.S., where its traditional use in folk music saw a notable revival in the late 20th century.
/m/03w1v2	Michael Carmen Pitt is an American actor and musician. Pitt is known in film for his role in Bernardo Bertolucci's The Dreamers, and in television for his role as Jimmy Darmody in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0425hg	The Jeju United Football Club is a South Korean professional football club. The club is based in Jeju, South Korea. In the past, the club has been known by the names Yukong Elephants Football Club and Bucheon SK.
/m/0jpkw	University of Waterloo is a public research university with a main campus located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 404 hectares of land in Uptown Waterloo, adjacent to Waterloo Park. The university offers academic programs administered by six faculties and ten faculty-based schools. The university also operates four satellite campuses and four affiliated university colleges. Waterloo is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.\nThe institution was established in 1 July 1957 as the Waterloo College Associate Faculties, a semi-autonomous entity of Waterloo College. The entity formally separated from Waterloo College in 1959, and was incorporated as a university. The university was established in order to fill the need for a program to train engineers and technicians for Canada's growing postwar economy. Since then, the university had greatly expanded, adding a faculty of arts in 1960, and the College of Optometry of Ontario moving from Toronto in 1967.\nThe university is co-educational, and has nearly 26,000 undergraduate and over 4,000 post-graduate students. Alumni and former students of the university can be found across Canada and in over 140 countries. The university ranked 151-200th in the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities, 180th in the 2013 QS World University Rankings, and 226-250th in the 2012–2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. Waterloo's computer science and computer engineering programs are ranked 24th and 43rd respectively by QS World University Rankings and Academic Ranking of World Universities. Waterloo's varsity teams, known as the Waterloo Warriors compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
/m/0g2jl	Washington University in St. Louis is a private research university located in suburban St. Louis, Missouri, United States. Founded in 1853, and named after George Washington, the university has students and faculty from all 50 U.S. states and more than 120 countries. Twenty-two Nobel laureates have been affiliated with Washington University, nine having done the major part of their pioneering research at the university. Washington University's undergraduate program is ranked 14th in the nation and 7th in admissions selectivity by U.S. News and World Report. The university is ranked 30th in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities. In 2006, the university received $434 million in federal research funds, ranking seventh among private universities receiving federal research and development support, and in the top four in funding from the National Institutes of Health.\nWashington University is made up of seven graduate and undergraduate schools that encompass a broad range of academic fields. Officially incorporated as \"The Washington University,\" the university is occasionally referred to as \"WUSTL,\" an acronym derived from its initials. More commonly, however, students refer to the university as \"Wash. U.\" To prevent confusion over its location, the Board of Trustees added the phrase \"in St. Louis\" in 1976.
/m/03tps5	Meet the Fockers is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Jay Roach and the sequel to Meet the Parents. The film stars Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman, Barbra Streisand, Blythe Danner and Teri Polo. It was followed by a sequel, Little Fockers, in 2010.
/m/0dx8gj	Lust, Caution is a 2007 espionage thriller film directed by Ang Lee, based on the novella of the same name published in 1979 by Chinese author Eileen Chang. The story is mostly set in Hong Kong in 1938 and in Shanghai in 1942, when it was occupied by the Imperial Japanese Army and ruled by the puppet government led by Wang Jingwei. It depicts a group of Chinese university students from the Lingnan University who plot to assassinate a high-ranking special agent and recruiter of the puppet government using an attractive young woman to lure him into a trap.\nWith this film, Lee won the Golden Lion Award at the Venice Film Festival for the second time, the first being with Brokeback Mountain. The film adaptation and the story are loosely based on events that took place during the Japanese occupation of Shanghai. The film's explicit sex scenes resulted in the film being rated NC-17 in the United States.
/m/07ng9k	Gate Keepers 21 is a six-part sequel OVA series to the Gate Keepers animated TV series and has a darker and more serious plot than its predecessor. Some of the questions left unanswered in the TV series are answered in this sequel. Linking the two series are the characters Reiji Kageyama, Yukino Houjo, and the former Far Eastern AEGIS Headquarters setting, Tategami High School.
/m/0hndn2q	The 69th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television of 2011, were broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on January 15, 2012, by NBC. The host was Ricky Gervais. The musical theme for the year was composed by Yoshiki Hayashi, leader of the Japanese band X Japan. The nominations were announced by Woody Harrelson, Sofía Vergara, Gerard Butler and Rashida Jones on December 15, 2011. Multiple winners for the night included the silent film The Artist which won three awards and The Descendants winning two awards. The television series Homeland also won two awards.
/m/029j_	DVD is a digital optical disc storage format, invented and developed by Philips, Sony, Toshiba, and Panasonic in 1995. DVDs offer higher storage capacity than compact discs while having the same dimensions.\nPre-recorded DVDs are mass-produced using molding machines that physically stamp data onto the DVD. Such discs are known as DVD-ROM, because data can only be read and not written or erased. Blank recordable DVD discs can be recorded once using a DVD recorder and then function as a DVD-ROM. Rewritable DVDs can be recorded and erased multiple times.\nDVDs are used in DVD-Video consumer digital video format and in DVD-Audio consumer digital audio format, as well as for authoring DVD discs written in a special AVCHD format to hold high definition material. DVDs containing other types of information may be referred to as DVD data discs.
/m/0dg3n1	Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent. At about 30.2 million km² including adjacent islands, it covers six percent of the Earth's total surface area and 20.4 percent of the total land area. With 1.1 billion people as of 2013, it accounts for about 15% of the world's human population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The continent includes Madagascar and various archipelagoes. It has 54 fully recognized sovereign states, nine territories and two de facto independent states with limited or no recognition.\nAfrica's population is the youngest among all the continents; 50% of Africans are 19 years old or younger. Despite many fast-growing economies, Africa continues to have social issues plaguing their nations.\nAlgeria is Africa's largest country by area, and Nigeria is the largest by population. Africa, particularly central Eastern Africa, is widely accepted as the place of origin of humans and the Hominidae clade, as evidenced by the discovery of the earliest hominids and their ancestors, as well as later ones that have been dated to around seven million years ago, including Sahelanthropus tchadensis, Australopithecus africanus, A. afarensis, Homo erectus, H. habilis and H. ergaster – with the earliest Homo sapiens found in Ethiopia being dated to circa 200,000 years ago. Africa straddles the equator and encompasses numerous climate areas; it is the only continent to stretch from the northern temperate to southern temperate zones.
/m/03gk2	The Holy Roman Empire was a multi-ethnic complex of territories in central Europe that developed during the middle ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806. The core and largest territory of the empire was the Kingdom of Germany, though it included at times the Kingdom of Italy, the Kingdom of Bohemia, and the Kingdom of Burgundy, as well as numerous other territories.\nThe empire grew out of East Francia, a primary division of the Frankish Empire. Pope Leo III crowned Frankish king Charlemagne as emperor in 800, restoring the title in the West after more than three centuries. After Charlemagne died, the title passed in a desultory manner during the decline and fragmentation of the Carolingian dynasty, eventually falling into abeyance. The title was revived in 962 when Otto I was crowned emperor, fashioning himself as the successor of Charlemagne and beginning a continuous existence of the empire for over eight centuries. Some historians refer to the coronation of Charlemagne as the origin of the empire, while others prefer the coronation of Otto I as its beginning. Scholars generally concur, however, in relating an evolution of the institutions and principles comprising the empire, describing a gradual assumption of the imperial title and role.
/m/05glt	The National Film Registry is the United States National Film Preservation Board's selection of films for preservation in the Library of Congress. The Board, established by the National Film Preservation Act of 1988, was reauthorized by acts of Congress in 1992, 1996, 2005, and again in October 2008. The 1996 law also created the non-profit National Film Preservation Foundation which, although affiliated with the National Film Preservation Board, raises money from the private sector.\nThe NFR names to its list up to 25 \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant films\" each year, showcasing the range and diversity of American film heritage to increase awareness for its preservation. However, inclusion on the list is not a guarantee of actual preservation. To be eligible for inclusion, a film must be at least ten years old. For the first selection in 1989, the public nominated almost 1,000 films for consideration. Members of the National Film Preservation Board then developed individual ballots of possible films for inclusion. The ballots were tabulated into a list of 25 films which was then modified by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington and his staff at the Library for the final selection. Since 1997, members of the public have been able to nominate up to 50 films a year for the Board and Librarian to consider.
/m/03mh_tp	Management is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama directed by Stephen Belber and starring Jennifer Aniston and Steve Zahn. It premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and received a limited theatrical release on May 15, 2009.
/m/03_wvl	Jorge García is an American actor and comedian. He first came to public attention with his performance as Hector Lopez on the television show Becker and later for his portrayal of Hugo \"Hurley\" Reyes in the television series Lost. Garcia also performs as a stand-up comedian. He most recently starred in the FOX television series Alcatraz, as well as playing a minor character on ABC's Once Upon a Time.
/m/02754c9	Pinocchio is a 2002 Italian live-action family film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. The film is based on The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi with Benigni portraying Pinocchio. It was shot in Italy and Kalkara, Malta. The film was later dubbed in the United States.
/m/04v8h1	The Alamo is a 1960 American historical epic film about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo directed by John Wayne and starring Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie and Laurence Harvey as William B. Travis, and the supporting cast features Frankie Avalon, Chill Wills, Patrick Wayne, Linda Cristal, Joseph Calleia, Ruben Padilla, Richard Boone as Sam Houston, Ken Curtis, Hank Worden, and Denver Pyle. The movie was photographed in 70 mm Todd-AO by William H. Clothier and released by United Artists.
/m/03j24kf	Sir James Paul McCartney, MBE is an English musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer. With John Lennon, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr, he gained worldwide fame as a member of the Beatles, widely regarded as one of the most popular and influential acts in the history of rock music; his songwriting partnership with Lennon is one of the most celebrated of the 20th century. After the band's break-up, he pursued a solo career and later formed Wings with his first wife, Linda, and Denny Laine.\nIn 1979, Guinness World Records described McCartney as the \"most successful composer and recording artist of all time\", with 60 gold discs and sales of over 100 million albums and 100 million singles, and as the \"most successful songwriter\" in United Kingdom chart history. More than 2,200 artists have covered his Beatles song \"Yesterday\", more than any other copyrighted song in history. Wings' 1977 release \"Mull of Kintyre\" is one of the all-time best-selling singles in the UK. Inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist in March 1999, McCartney has written, or co-written 32 songs that have reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100, and as of 2014 he has sold more than 15.5 million RIAA-certified units in the United States. McCartney, Lennon, Harrison and Starr received MBEs in 1965, and in 1997, McCartney was knighted for his services to music.
/m/0jt86	David Brin's bestselling novels, such as Earth and Kiln People, have been translated into more than 20 languages. The Postman was loosely Kevin Costnerized in 1998. A scientist and futurist, Brin speaks and consults widely about over-the-horizon social and technological trends. The Transparent Society won the nonfiction Freedom of Speech Award of the American Library Association.
/m/0g5879y	Albert Nobbs is a 2011 drama film directed by Rodrigo García and starring Glenn Close. The screenplay is based on a novella by Irish novelist George Moore.\nThe film received mixed reviews, but the performances by Glenn Close and Janet McTeer were praised; they were nominated for the Academy Award in the categories of Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress, respectively. They also received Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. The film was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup.\nThe novella had been earlier adapted as a theatre play in which Close starred.
/m/02xbyr	Tangled is a 2010 American computer animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Loosely based on the German fairy tale \"Rapunzel\" in the collection of folk tales published by the Brothers Grimm, it is the 50th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Featuring the voices of Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi, and Donna Murphy, the film tells the story of a lost princess with long magical hair who yearns to leave her secluded tower. Against her mother's wishes, she accepts the aid of a handsome intruder to take her out into the world which she has never seen.\nBefore the film's release, its title was changed from Rapunzel to Tangled, reportedly to market the film as gender-neutral. Tangled spent six years in production at a cost that has been estimated at $260 million which, if accurate, would make it the most expensive animated film ever made and the second most expensive film of all time. The film employed a unique artistic style by blending features of both computer-generated imagery and traditional animation together, while using non-photorealistic rendering to create the impression of a painting. Composer Alan Menken, who had worked on prior Disney animated features, returned to score Tangled.
/m/06wm0z	Zachary David Alexander \"Zac\" Efron is an American actor and singer. He began acting professionally in the early 2000s, and became known as a teen idol after his lead roles in the Disney Channel Original Movie High School Musical, the WB series Summerland, and the 2007 film version of the Broadway musical Hairspray. Efron has since starred in the films 17 Again, Me and Orson Welles, Charlie St. Cloud, New Year's Eve, The Lucky One, and The Lorax.
/m/0g7vxv	Albert Ojumiri Jarrett is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays as a winger for Bromley and has represented the Sierra Leone national football team.\nA youth player with Arsenal and Dulwich Hamlet, he turned professional with Wimbledon in 2003. The next year he signed with Brighton & Hove Albion. He had loan spells with Stevenage Borough and Swindon Town, before he earned a move to Premier League Watford in 2006. In 2007 he was loaned out to Boston United and Milton Keynes Dons, before he spent the 2007–08 season without a club and nursing a knee injury. He returned to the game with Gillingham in 2008, before he transferred to Barnet the following year. Playing in almost all of Barnet's games of 2009–10, he was allowed to join Lincoln City for the 2010–11 campaign. In 2011 he was loaned out to Aldershot Town, before he was released by Lincoln. He then joined non league club Bromley.
/m/02114t	Scarlett Johansson is an American actress, model and singer. She made her film debut in North and was later nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her performance in Manny & Lo, garnering further acclaim and prominence with roles in The Horse Whisperer and Ghost World. She shifted to adult roles with her performances in Girl with a Pearl Earring and Sofia Coppola's Lost in Translation, for which she won a BAFTA award for Best Actress in a Leading Role; both films earned her Golden Globe Award nominations as well. A role in A Love Song for Bobby Long earned Johansson her third Golden Globe for Best Actress nomination. Johansson garnered another Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress with her role in Woody Allen's Match Point. She has played the Marvel comic book character Black Widow/Natasha Romanoff in Iron Man 2 and The Avengers, and is set to reprise the role in Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Avengers: Age of Ultron. The 2010 Broadway revival of Arthur Miller's A View From the Bridge won Johansson the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play. As a singer, Johansson has released two albums, Anywhere I Lay My Head and Break Up.
/m/034f0d	Artisan Entertainment Inc. was a privately held independent American movie studio until it was purchased by a Canadian studio, Lions Gate, in 2003. At the time of its acquisition, Artisan had a library of thousands of films developed through acquisition, original production, and production and distribution agreements. Mark Amin funded Artisan and sale was rumored to be backed by Keyur Patel, a media investor in formation of new studio. Its headquarters and private screening room were located in Santa Monica, California. It also had an office in TriBeCa, Lower Manhattan, New York City.\nThe company owned the home video rights to the film libraries of Republic Pictures and Carolco Pictures. They also owned Family Home Entertainment.\nArtisan's releases included Requiem for a Dream, Pi, Grizzly Falls, Killing Zoe, National Lampoon's Van Wilder, The Blair Witch Project, Novocaine, and Startup.com.
/m/01_lh1	Genentech Inc. (NYSE:DNA), a composite of Genetic Engineering Technology, Inc., is a leading biotechnology corporation, which was founded in 1976 by venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson and biochemist Dr. Herbert W. Boyer. Considered the founder of the biotechnology industry, Genentech has\nbeen delivering on the\npromise of biotechnology for more than 30 years, using human genetic\ninformation to discover, develop, commercialize and manufacture\nbiotherapeutics that address significant unmet medical needs. Today,\nGenentech is among the world's leading biotech companies, with multiple\nproducts on the market for serious or life-threatening medical\nconditions and over 50 projects in the pipeline. The company is the\nleading provider of anti-tumor therapeutics in the United States.
/m/02p_04b	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 12th Daytime Emmy Awards, held in 1985 and is given to honor a young actor below the age of 25, who has delivered an outstanding performance in a role while working within the daytime drama industry. The awards ceremony had not been aired on television for the prior two years, having been criticized for voting integrity. The award category was originally called Outstanding Young Man or Outstanding Juvenile Male in a Drama Series, and began using its current title in 1991. Years before this category was introduced, networks declined to broadcast the show during a time of voting integrity rumors and waning interest. Confusion rose around the criteria of the new category due to the varying ages of the nominees. Within the first set of nominees, Brian Bloom became the youngest actor nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award at the time at age 15, while the other actors nominated in the category were over 25. The criteria were later altered, requiring that the actor be aged 25 or below.
/m/0bwjj	The Boston Celtics are a National Basketball Association team based in Boston, Massachusetts. They play in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference. Founded in 1946 and one of eight NBA teams to survive the league's first decade, the team is currently owned by Boston Basketball Partners LLC. The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden, which they share with the National Hockey League's Boston Bruins. The franchise's seventeen championships are the most for any NBA franchise.\nFrom 1957 to 1969, the Celtics dominated the league, winning eleven championships in thirteen years and eight in a row, the longest consecutive streak of any North American professional sports team. The Celtics dominated the league during the late 1950s and through the mid-1980s, with the help of many Hall of Famers which include Bill Russell, Bob Cousy, John Havlicek, Larry Bird and legendary Celtics coach Red Auerbach, combined for a 795–397 record that helped the Celtics win sixteen Championships. Before the retirement of the “Big Three”, who included Larry Bird, Robert Parish and Kevin McHale, thanks to some creative maneuvering by Auerbach, the Celtics had drafted second overall pick Len Bias but the team fell into decline as the college star died two days after he was drafted. Later, the team suffered another tragedy when their star player Reggie Lewis died of a heart attack in his prime.
/m/08phg9	Star Trek is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the eleventh film of the Star Trek film franchise and is also a reboot that features the main characters of the original Star Trek television series, portrayed by a new cast. The film follows James T. Kirk and Spock aboard the USS Enterprise as they combat Nero, a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets. The story takes place in an alternate reality due to time travel by both Nero and the original Spock. The alternate timeline was created in an effort to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements.\nDevelopment for Star Trek originated in 1968, when creator Gene Roddenberry announced plans to produce a prequel modeled after the television series. The concept resurfaced temporarily in the late 1980s, when it was postulated by Harve Bennett as a possible plotline for the movie that would become Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, but was rejected in lieu of other projects by Roddenberry. Following the critical and commercial failure of Star Trek: Nemesis and the cancellation of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, franchise executive producer Rick Berman and screenwriter Erik Jendresen wrote an un-produced film, titled Star Trek: The Beginning, which would take place after Enterprise. After the split between Viacom and CBS Corporation, former Paramount president Gail Berman convinced CBS to produce a feature film. Orci and Kurtzman, both fans of the Star Trek series, were approached to write the film and Abrams was approached to direct it. Kurtzman and Orci used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself.
/m/036dyy	Zachary Israel \"Zach\" Braff is an American actor and director. Braff first became known in 2001 for his role as Dr. John Dorian on the television series Scrubs, for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in 2005.\nIn 2004, Braff made his directorial debut with Garden State. He returned to his home state New Jersey to shoot the film, which was produced for $2.5 million. The film made over $35 million at the box office and was praised by critics, leading it to gain a cult following. Braff wrote the film, starred in it, and compiled the soundtrack record. He won numerous awards for his directing work, and also won the Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album in 2005.\nIn April 2013, Braff announced he was launching a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to shoot a new film, titled Wish I Was Here.
/m/07f8wg	Mario F. Kassar is a film producer and industry executive whose projects are frequently in association with Andrew G. Vajna. He founded a company called Carolco which went on to produce many blockbuster movies. Many films he has produced have went on to gross over $250,000,000.00 worldwide at the box office.
/m/02nxhr	Blu-ray Disc is a digital optical disc data storage format designed to supersede the DVD format. The plastic disc is 120 mm in diameter and 1.2 mm thick, the same size as DVDs and CDs. Conventional Blu-ray Discs contain 25 GB per layer, with dual layer discs being the industry standard for feature-length video discs. Triple layer discs and quadruple layers are available for BD-XL re-writer drives. The name Blu-ray Disc refers to the blue laser used to read the disc, which allows information to be stored at a greater density than is possible with the longer-wavelength red laser used for DVDs. The major application of Blu-ray Discs is as a medium for video material such as feature films. Besides the hardware specifications, Blu-ray Disc is associated with a set of multimedia formats. Generally, these formats allow for the video and audio to be stored with greater definition than on DVD.\nThe format was developed by the Blu-ray Disc Association, a group representing makers of consumer electronics, computer hardware, and motion pictures. Sony unveiled the first Blu-ray Disc prototypes in October 2000, and the first prototype player was released in April 2003 in Japan. Afterwards, it continued to be developed until its official release in June 2006. As of June 2008, more than 2,500 Blu-ray Disc titles were available in Australia and the United Kingdom, with 3,500 in the United States and Canada. In Japan, as of July 2010, more than 3,300 titles have been released.
/m/0275_pj	Stephen Demorest is an American soap opera writer. He is married to Nancy Curlee.
/m/03ksy	Harvard University is a private Ivy League research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, whose history, influence and wealth have made it one of the most prestigious universities in the world.\nEstablished in 1636 by the Massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for John Harvard, Harvard is the United States' oldest institution of higher learning, and the Harvard Corporation is its first chartered corporation. Although never formally affiliated with any denomination, the early College primarily trained Congregation­alist and Unitarian clergy. Its curriculum and student body were gradually secularized during the 18th century, and by the 19th century Harvard had emerged as the central cultural establishment among Boston elites. Following the American Civil War, President Charles W. Eliot's long tenure transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university; Harvard was a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900. James Bryant Conant led the university through the Great Depression and World War II and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war. The undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with Radcliffe College.
/m/021npd	Scarborough is a town on the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire, England, within the borough of the same name. Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, the modern town lies between 10-230 feet above sea level, rising steeply northward and westward from the harbour onto limestone cliffs. The older part of the town lies around the harbour and is protected by a rocky headland. It is one of the largest settlements in North Yorkshire.\nWith a population of around 50,000 in the town's boundaries, Scarborough is the largest holiday resort on the Yorkshire coast. The larger urban area including Scalby and Eastfield had a population of 57,649. It also has over 100,000 under the surrounding area within the district. The town varies greatly from area to area; it is home to residential communities, business, fishing and service industries, plus a growing digital and creative economy, but overall is a top tourist destination on the East Coast of England. It is often informally referred to as 'the Brighton of the North'.\nInhabitants of the town are generally referred to as Scarborians. Some natives of Whitby call people from Scarborough 'Algerinos'. The origin of this nickname is said to come from the sinking of a boat called The Algerino not far from Scarborough though no record has ever been found of a boat of this name. The most likely explanation is that Algerino comes from an ancient Latin term meaning 'Wise Leader'.
/m/01wg982	Rob Zombie is an American musician, film director, screenwriter and film producer. He rose to prominence as a founding member of the band White Zombie which formed in the mid-1980s and rose to fame in the early 1990s. As a solo artist, he has released five studio albums, five compilation albums, and a live album. He expanded his career and became a director, and has directed a total of six films, the majority of which he also wrote or co-wrote. He has also released numerous brands of comic books, and appeared as an actor on numerous occasions.\nWhite Zombie's debut album, Soul-Crusher, was released in 1987 and was followed by their second album Make Them Die Slowly in 1989. They rose to prominence after the success of their third album, La Sexorcisto: Devil Music, Vol. 1, and its lead single \"Thunder Kiss '65\" in 1993. The album went on to be certified multi-platinum by the RIAA, for sales exceeding two million copies in the US. Their fourth and final studio album, Astro-Creep: 2000, became their first top-10 entry on the Billboard 200, and their second album to reach multi-platinum status. Zombie began his solo career with the release of his 1998 debut album Hellbilly Deluxe. The album was both a critical and commercial success, spawning three hit singles, reaching the Top 5 of the Billboard 200, and selling over three million copies worldwide. Hellbilly is Zombie's highest selling album to date. He followed the success of the album with The Sinister Urge in 2001, which had similar success to that of its predecessor. Zombie's first greatest hits album, Past, Present & Future, was released in 2003, and reached Platinum status by the RIAA. His third studio album, Educated Horses, was released in 2006, and was his third Top 10 entry on the Billboard 200. In 2010, he released Hellbilly Deluxe 2, calling it a companion to his debut album. His fifth album, Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor, was released on April 23, 2013.
/m/03f1zhf	Gene Simmons is an Israeli-born American rock bass guitarist, singer-songwriter, record producer, entrepreneur, and actor. Known by his stage persona The Demon, he is the bass guitarist/co-lead vocalist of Kiss, a rock band he co-founded in the early 1970s. With Kiss, Simmons has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide.
/m/01pq4w	Vanderbilt University, colloquially known as Vandy, is a private research university located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. Founded in 1873, the university is named in honor of shipping and rail magnate \"Commodore\" Cornelius Vanderbilt, who provided the school its initial $1 million endowment despite having never been to the South. The Commodore hoped that his gift and the greater work of the university would help to heal the sectional wounds inflicted by the Civil War.\nToday Vanderbilt enrolls approximately 12,000 students from all 50 U.S. states and over 90 foreign countries in four undergraduate and six graduate and professional schools. Several research centers and institutes are affiliated with the university, including the Vanderbilt Institute for Public Policy Studies, Freedom Forum First Amendment Center, Dyer Observatory, and Vanderbilt University Medical Center, the only Level I trauma center in Middle Tennessee. With the exception of the off-campus observatory and satellite medical clinics, all of university's facilities are situated on its 330-acre campus in the heart of Nashville, only 1.5 miles from downtown. Despite its urban surroundings, the campus itself is a national arboretum and features over 300 different species of trees and shrubs.
/m/01tfck	Benjamin Bratt is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Rey Curtis on the TV series Law & Order and his appearances in the movies Miss Congeniality, Demolition Man, Blood in Blood Out, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, Traffic, La Mission, Despicable Me 2, and Piñero. He recently portrayed Dr. Jake Riley on the medical drama series Private Practice.
/m/01v0fn1	Keith Forsey is an English soundtrack composer, drummer, songwriter and record producer.
/m/012w70	Yue or Yueh is a primary branch of Chinese spoken in southern China, particularly the provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi. The name Cantonese is often used, but linguists prefer to reserve that name for the Yue dialect of Guangzhou and Hong Kong, which is the prestige dialect. The Cantonese and Taishanese dialects of Yue are spoken by substantial overseas populations in Southeast Asia, Canada, Australia, and the United States.\nYue is mutually unintelligible with other varieties of Chinese. They are among the most conservative varieties with regard to the final consonants and tonal categories of Middle Chinese, but have lost several distinctions in the initial and medial consonants that other dialects have retained.
/m/04bdxl	Catherine Ann Keener is an American actress. She has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her roles as Maxine in Being John Malkovich and Harper Lee in Capote. Keener also appeared in the critically acclaimed films Into the Wild and Synecdoche, New York.
/m/04z257	The Brothers Grimm is a 2005 adventure fantasy film directed by Terry Gilliam. The film stars Matt Damon, Heath Ledger, and Lena Headey in an exaggerated and fictitious portrait of the Brothers Grimm as traveling con-artists in French-occupied Germany during the early 19th century. However, the brothers eventually encounter a genuine fairy tale curse which requires real courage instead of their usual bogus exorcisms. Supporting characters are played by Peter Stormare, Jonathan Pryce, and Monica Bellucci.\nIn February 2001, Ehren Kruger sold his spec script to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. With Gilliam's hiring as director, the script was rewritten by Gilliam and Tony Grisoni, but the Writers Guild of America refused to credit them for their work, thus Kruger received sole credit. MGM eventually dropped out as distributor, but decided to co-finance The Brothers Grimm with Dimension Films and Summit Entertainment, while Dimension took over distribution duties.\nThe film was shot entirely in the Czech Republic, where Gilliam often had on-set tensions with brothers Bob and Harvey Weinstein. This caused the original theatrical release date to be pushed forward nearly 10 months. The Brothers Grimm was finally released on 26 August 2005 with mixed reviews and a $105.32 million box office performance. This also marks Terry Gilliam's first film to get a PG-13 rating from the MPAA.
/m/0y_hb	Awakenings is a 1990 American drama film based on Oliver Sacks' 1973 memoir of the same title. It tells the true story of British neurologist Oliver Sacks, fictionalized as American Malcolm Sayer and portrayed by Robin Williams who, in 1969, discovers beneficial effects of the then-new drug L-Dopa. He administered it to catatonic patients who survived the 1917–28 epidemic of encephalitis lethargica. Leonard Lowe and the rest of the patients were awakened after decades of catatonia and have to deal with a new life in a new time. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards.\nDirected by Penny Marshall, the film was produced by Walter Parkes and Lawrence Lasker, who first encountered Sacks's book as undergraduates at Yale University and optioned it a few years later. Awakenings stars Robert De Niro, Robin Williams, Julie Kavner, Ruth Nelson, John Heard, Penelope Ann Miller, and Max Von Sydow. The film features a non-speaking cameo from jazz legend Dexter Gordon who appears as a patient and then-unknowns Bradley Whitford, Peter Stormare, and Vincent Pastore play a doctor, neurochemist, and psych-ward patient, respectively.
/m/06t8v	Slovenia, officially the Republic of Slovenia, is a nation state in southern Central Europe at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes. It borders Italy to the west, Austria to the north, Croatia to the south and southeast, and Hungary to the northeast. It covers 20,273 square kilometers and has a population of 2.05 million. It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the European Union and NATO. Its capital and largest city is Ljubljana.\nFour major European geographic units meet on the territory of Slovenia: the Alps, the Dinaric Mountains, the Pannonian Plain, and the Mediterranean, with a small portion of coastline along the Adriatic Sea. The territory has a mosaic structure and an exceptionally high landscape and biological diversity, which are a result of natural attributes and the long-term presence of humans. Although the climate in the mainly hilly territory is influenced by the continental climate, the Slovene Littoral has the sub-Mediterranean climate, while the Alpine climate is found in the north-western part of the country. The country is one of the most water-rich in Europe, with a dense river network, a rich aquifer system, and significant karstic underground watercourses. Over half of the territory is covered by forest. The settlement of Slovenia is dispersed and uneven.
/m/0byb_x	A talent show is an event where participants perform talents of singing, dancing, acrobatics, acting, drumming, martial arts, playing an instrument, or other activities to showcase skills, sometimes for a reward, trophy or prize. Many talent shows are performances rather than contests, but some are actual contests, awarding prizes to their participants.\nIn recent times, talent shows have become a notable genre of reality television, such as Idol, Got Talent and The X Factor, which were critical in catapulting some amateur artists to stardom, and commercially successful careers.
/m/09xx0m	Melvin Frank was an American screenwriter, film producer and film director. He collaborated with a former schoolfriend, Norman Panama to form a writing partnership which endured for 3 decades. He is the father of literary critic Elizabeth Frank
/m/018jcq	Osaka Prefecture is a prefecture located in the Kansai region on Honshu, the main island of Japan. The capital is the city of Osaka. It is the center of Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto area.
/m/0ksrf8	Rebecca Maria Hall is an English actress. In 2003, she won the Ian Charleson Award for her debut stage performance in a production of Mrs. Warren's Profession. She has appeared in the films The Prestige, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, The Town, Frost/Nixon, and Iron Man 3.\nIn June 2010, Hall won the Supporting Actress BAFTA for her portrayal of Paula Garland in the 2009 Channel 4 production Red Riding: In the Year of Our Lord 1974. She was also nominated for the Leading Actress BAFTA in 2013 for her role as Sylvia Tietjens in BBC Two's Parade's End.
/m/021yc7p	Michael Minkler is a Motion Picture Sound Re-Recording Mixer. His Oscars are for the work done on Dreamgirls, Chicago and Black Hawk Down, but Minkler has a varied career that includes films like Inglourious Basterds, JFK and Star Wars, as well television programs like The Pacific and John Adams. Minkler works at Todd-AO Hollywood.
/m/0f_nbyh	The Producers Guild of America Award for Best Theatrical Motion Picture is one of the annual awards given by the Producers Guild of America from 1989.\nStarting from 2009, the number of nominees has increased from five to ten, in accordance with the number of Academy Awards Best Picture nominees.
/m/06v8s0	Wendee Lee is an American voice actress. While she has done voice work for many video games as well as several episodes in the Power Rangers franchise, she is particularly prolific in the dubbing of anime. As of April 2009, with 223 credits to her name, she has more credits in this medium than any other English voice-over actor. According to her interview on the Magic Knight Rayearth DVDs, she started doing voices at school, and got in trouble for it.\nLee is also experienced in ADR directing. Currently, both she and Kirk Thornton are directing the ADR process for Bleach. Her noted roles include Faye Valentine on Cowboy Bebop, Takeru \"T.K.\" Takaishi on Digimon Adventure, Haruhi Suzumiya on The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya and Konata Izumi on Lucky ☆ Star.
/m/0bdx29	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. In early Emmy ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific. Beginning with the 22nd Emmys supporting actresses in drama have competed alone. However, these dramatic performances often included actresses from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors. Such instances are marked below.\n# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Telefilm, prior to the category's creation.\n§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
/m/0dgd_	A cinematographer or director of photography is the chief over the camera and lighting crews working on a film, television production or other live action piece and is responsible for achieving artistic and technical decisions related to the image. The study and practice of this field is referred to as cinematography.
/m/0cn68	Japanese Americans are Americans of Japanese descent. Japanese Americans have historically been among the three largest Asian American communities, but in recent decades, it has become the sixth largest group at roughly 1,304,286, including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity. In the 2010 census, the largest Japanese American communities were found in California with 272,528, Hawaii with 185,502, New York with 37,780, Washington with 35,008, Illinois with 17,542, and Ohio with 16,995. Southern California has the largest Japanese-American population in North America.
/m/07xl34	A Chancellor is a leader of a college or university, usually either the executive or ceremonial head of the university or of a university campus.\nIn most Commonwealth nations, the Chancellor is usually a titular non-resident head of the university. In such institutions, the chief executive of a university is the Vice-Chancellor, who may also carry a title such as the alternates listed above. The Chancellor may serve as chairman of the governing body; if not, this duty is often held by a chairman who may be known as a Pro-Chancellor.\nIn many countries, the administrative and educational head of the university is known as the President, Principal or Rector. In United States, the head of a university is most commonly a university president. In U.S. university systems that have more than one affiliated university or campus, the executive head of a specific campus may have the title of Chancellor and report to the overall system's President, or vice versa.
/m/03rhqg	Warner Bros. Records Inc. is an American record label. It was the foundation label of the present-day Warner Music Group, and now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of that corporation. It maintains a close relationship with its former parent, Warner Bros. Pictures such as distributing the latter's new music subsidiary WaterTower Music, although the two companies are independently owned. Rob Cavallo currently serves as Chairman of the company.\nWarner Bros. Records was originally established in 1958 as the recorded music division of the American movie studio Warner Bros. Pictures. For most of its existence it was one of a group of labels owned and operated by larger parent corporations. The sequence of companies that controlled Warner Bros. and its allied labels evolved through a convoluted series of corporate mergers and acquisitions from the early 1960s to the early 2000s. Over this period, Warner Bros. Records grew from a struggling minor player in the industry to become one of the top recording labels in the world.\nFrom 1999 to 2007, Warner Bros. Records was the official record label partner for cable channel Nickelodeon, and to a lesser extent, its primetime block SonyNet. The contract ended in the summer of 2007, after which Columbia Records succeeded Warner Bros. as Nickelodeon's record label partner.
/m/06crng	Russell Edward Brand is an English comedian, actor, radio host, and author.\nIn 2004, Brand achieved notoriety as the host of Big Brother's Big Mouth, a Big Brother spin-off. In 2007, he had his first major film role in St Trinian's. In 2008, he had a major role in Forgetting Sarah Marshall; the film led to a starring role in Get Him to the Greek in 2010. He also worked as a voice actor in the animated films Despicable Me in 2010, Hop in 2011, and Despicable Me 2 in 2013. He played the title character of the 2011 film Arthur.\nBrand has received significant media coverage for controversies such as his dismissal from MTV, his controversial behaviour as a presenter at various award ceremonies, and his drug use. In 2008, he resigned from the BBC following prank calls he made to actor Andrew Sachs on The Russell Brand Show. He has incorporated his drug use, alcoholism, and promiscuity into his comedic material.
/m/0fhzwl	Dexter is an American television drama series. The series centers on Dexter Morgan, a blood spatter pattern analyst for Miami Metro Police Department who also leads a secret life as a serial killer, hunting down criminals who have slipped through the cracks of the justice system. Set in Miami, the show's first season derived from the novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter, the first of the Dexter series novels by Jeff Lindsay. It was adapted for television by screenwriter James Manos, Jr., who wrote the first episode. Subsequent seasons evolved independently of Lindsay's works.\nDexter aired on Showtime from October 1, 2006, to September 22, 2013. In February 2008, reruns began to air on CBS, although the reruns on CBS ended after one run of the first season. The series has enjoyed wide critical acclaim and popularity, including four straight Primetime Emmy nominations for Best Drama series in its first four seasons. Season Four aired its season finale on December 13, 2009, to a record-breaking audience of 2.6 million viewers, making it the most-watched original series episode ever on Showtime at that time.\nIn April 2013, Showtime announced that Season Eight would be the final season of Dexter. The Season Eight premiere was the most watched Dexter episode with more than 3 million viewers total for all airings that night. The original broadcast of the series finale — shown at 9 p.m. on September 22, 2013 — drew 2.8 million viewers, the largest overall audience in Showtime's history.
/m/05842k	Percussion is a method of tapping on a surface to determine the underlying structure, and is used in clinical examinations to assess the condition of the thorax or abdomen. It is one of the five methods of clinical examination, together with inspection, palpation, auscultation, and inquiry. It is done with the middle finger of one hand tapping on the middle finger of the other hand using a wrist action. The non striking finger is placed firmly on the body over tissue. When percussing boney areas such as the clavicle the pleximeter can be omitted and the bone is tapped directly such as when percussing an apical cavitary lung lesion typical of TB.\nThere are two types of percussion: direct, which uses only one or two fingers, and indirect, which uses the middle/flexor finger. There are four types of percussion sounds: resonant, hyper-resonant, stony dull or dull. A dull sound indicates the presence of a solid mass under the surface. A more resonant sound indicates hollow, air-containing structures. As well as producing different notes which can be heard they also produce different sensations in the pleximeter finger.\nPercussion was initially used to distinguish between empty and filled barrels of liquor, and Dr. Leopold Auenbrugger is said to be the person who introduced the technique to modern medicine although this method was used by Avicenna about 1000 years before that for medical practice.
/m/05zkcn5	The MTV Movie Award for Best Song from a Movie is an award presented to singers/groups for quality songs in films at the MTV Movie Awards, a ceremony established in 1992. Honors in several categories are awarded by MTV at the annual ceremonies, and are chosen by public votes. The MTV Movie Award for Best Song From a Movie was first given out in 1992 for Bryan Adams' \"Everything I Do I Do It For You\" from Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. The award was last given out in 1999 and was replaced with Best Musical Sequence, but made a return in 2009. It was then retired afterwards. It later returned in 2012 renamed as Best Music. In 1996, Batman Forever and Waiting to Exhale each had two songs nominated in this category, with the former winning for \"Kiss From a Rose\". Bryan Adams, Bush and Whitney Houston have each won the Best Song honor from two nominations. Eric Clapton had received three nominations, and Boyz II Men, Céline Dion, Madonna, Bruce Springsteen and Sting have each been nominated twice.
/m/0nbwf	Long Beach is a city in Los Angeles County in Southern California, on the Pacific coast of the United States. The city is the 36th-largest city in the nation and the seventh-largest in California. As of 2013, its population was 496,600. In addition, Long Beach is the second largest city within Greater Los Angeles Area, after Los Angeles, and a principal city of the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana metropolitan area.\nThe city is a dominant maritime center of the United States. The Port of Long Beach is the United States' second busiest container port and one of the world's largest shipping ports. The city also maintains a large oil industry with the substance being found both underground and offshore. Manufacturing sectors include those in aircraft, car parts, electronic and audiovisual equipment, and home furnishings. It is also home to headquarters for corporations including Epson America, Molina Healthcare, and SCAN Health Plan.\nDowntown Long Beach is located approximately 22 miles south of Downtown Los Angeles, though the two cities border each other for several miles on Long Beach's southwestern portion. Long Beach borders Orange County on its southeast edge.
/m/0mww2	Centre County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 153,990. Its county seat is Bellefonte. It is part of the State College, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0gzlb9	Battlefield Earth is a 2000 American dystopian science fiction action film based upon the first half of L. Ron Hubbard's novel of the same name. Directed by Roger Christian and starring John Travolta, Barry Pepper and Forest Whitaker, the film depicts an Earth that has been under the rule of the alien Psychlos for 1,000 years and tells the story of the rebellion that develops when the Psychlos attempt to use the surviving humans as gold miners.\nTravolta, a long-time Scientologist, had sought for many years to make a film of the novel by Hubbard, the founder of Scientology. He was unable to obtain funding from any major studio due to concerns about the film's script, prospects, and connections with Scientology, leaving the film in development hell. The project was eventually taken on in 1998 by an independent production company, Franchise Pictures, which specialized in rescuing stars' stalled pet projects. Travolta signed on as a co-producer and contributed millions of dollars of his own money to the production, which was largely funded by a German film distribution company. Franchise Pictures was later sued by its investors and was bankrupted in 2004 after it emerged that it had fraudulently overstated the film's budget by $31 million.
/m/02x4w6g	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Male Lead is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/01ky2h	Theodore Walter \"Sonny\" Rollins is an American jazz tenor saxophonist. Rollins is widely recognized as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians. A number of his compositions, including \"St. Thomas\", \"Oleo\", \"Doxy\", and \"Airegin\", have become jazz standards.
/m/02rcwq0	Damages is an American legal thriller television series created by the writing and production trio of Daniel Zelman and brothers Glenn and Todd A. Kessler. It premiered on July 24, 2007 on FX and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010, where it aired for a further two seasons, concluding with the fifth season.\nThe plot revolves around the brilliant, ruthless lawyer Patty Hewes and her protégée, recent law school graduate Ellen Parsons. Each season features a major case that Hewes and her firm take on, while also examining a chapter of the complicated relationship between Ellen and Patty. The first two seasons center around the law firm Hewes & Associates. Later seasons center more on Patty and Ellen's relationship as Ellen attempts to distance herself from Hewes & Associates professionally and personally.\nKnown for its depiction of season-long cases from the point of view of both the law firm and the target, the series is noted for its plot twists, nonlinear narrative, technical merit, and the Emmy Award winning performances of its cast. The series has received widespread critical acclaim and several television award nominations, with Close and first-season co-star Željko Ivanek winning a Primetime Emmy Award for their performances, while several of the other performers have been nominated as well. The series has attracted various stars to play characters on the side against Hewes, including Ted Danson, William Hurt, Marcia Gay Harden, Martin Short, Lily Tomlin, John Goodman, Dylan Baker, Ryan Phillippe, and John Hannah.
/m/0436kgz	José Antonio Domínguez Banderas, better known as Antonio Banderas, is a Spanish film actor, film director, film producer and singer. He began his acting career with a series of films by director Pedro Almodóvar and then appeared in high-profile Hollywood movies, especially in the 1990s, including Assassins, Evita, Interview with the Vampire, Philadelphia, Desperado, The Mask of Zorro and Spy Kids. Banderas is also a voice artist, portraying the voice of Puss in Boots in the Shrek sequels and Puss in Boots as well as the bee in the US Nasonex commercials.
/m/03p2xc	Bob Roberts is a 1992 film written and directed by Tim Robbins. It is a satirical mockumentary, chronicling the rise of Bob Roberts, a right-wing conservative politician who is a candidate for an upcoming United States Senate election. Roberts is well financed, due mainly to past business dealings, and is well known for his music, which presents conservative ideas with gusto.\nThe film is Robbins' directorial debut, and is based on a short segment of the same name and featuring the same character that Robbins did for Saturday Night Live on December 13, 1986.
/m/027ht3n	Michelle Suzanne Dockery is a Golden Globe- and Emmy-nominated English actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Lady Mary Crawley in the ITV drama series Downton Abbey. For her role in the play Burnt by the Sun she earned a Laurence Olivier Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. Some of her other notable stage credits are Pygmalion, The Pillars of Society and Hamlet as Ophelia.
/m/085h1	The World Trade Organization is an organization that intends to supervise and liberalize international trade. The organization officially commenced on 1 January 1995 under the Marrakech Agreement, replacing the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, which commenced in 1948. The organization deals with regulation of trade between participating countries; it provides a framework for negotiating and formalizing trade agreements, and a dispute resolution process aimed at enforcing participant's adherence to WTO agreements, which are signed by representatives of member governments and ratified by their parliaments. Most of the issues that the WTO focuses on derive from previous trade negotiations, especially from the Uruguay Round.\nThe organization is attempting to complete negotiations on the Doha Development Round, which was launched in 2001 with an explicit focus on addressing the needs of developing countries. As of June 2012, the future of the Doha Round remained uncertain: the work programme lists 21 subjects in which the original deadline of 1 January 2005 was missed, and the round is still incomplete. The conflict between free trade on industrial goods and services but retention of protectionism on farm subsidies to domestic agricultural sector and the substantiation of the international liberalization of fair trade on agricultural products remain the major obstacles. These points of contention have hindered any progress to launch new WTO negotiations beyond the Doha Development Round. As a result of this impasse, there has been an increasing number of bilateral free trade agreements signed. As of July 2012, there were various negotiation groups in the WTO system for the current agricultural trade negotiation which is in the condition of stalemate.
/m/03gyp30	The 14th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony, honoring the best in film and television acting achievement for the year 2007, took place on January 27, 2008 and, for the 12th consecutive time was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California. It was broadcast live simultaneously by TNT and TBS.\nThe nominees were announced on December 20, 2007 by Jeanne Tripplehorn and Terrence Howard at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.\nInto the Wild received the highest number of nominations among the film categories with four, three for acting and one for ensemble performance. In the television categories The Sopranos, 30 Rock and Ugly Betty had the most nominations with three each.\nThe 2007 Screen Actors Guild Awards was the first to give awards for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture and Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Television Series.\nThe 2007 ceremony celebrated the 75th anniversary of the Screen Actors Guild with historical background and film clips presented in segments introduced by Blair Underwood throughout the ceremony. Charles Durning was presented with an award for Lifetime Achievement following accolades by Denis Leary and Burt Reynolds.
/m/0dmtp	Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) enables people to make powerful connections-whether in business, education, philanthropy, or creativity. Cisco hardware, software, and service offerings are used to create the Internet solutions that make networks possible-providing easy access to information anywhere, at any time.Cisco was founded in 1984 by a small group of computer scientists from Stanford University. Since the company's inception, Cisco engineers have been leaders in the development of Internet Protocol (IP)-based networking technologies.
/m/0l14qv	A sound synthesizer is an electronic musical instrument capable of producing a wide range of sounds. Synthesizers may either imitate other instruments or generate new timbres. They can be played via a variety of different input devices. Synthesizers generate electric signals, and can finally be converted to sound through loudspeakers or headphones.\nSynthesizers use a number of different technologies or programmed algorithms to generate signal, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. Among the most popular waveform synthesis techniques are subtractive synthesis, additive synthesis, wavetable synthesis, frequency modulation synthesis, phase distortion synthesis, physical modeling synthesis and sample-based synthesis. Also other sound synthesis methods including subharmonic synthesis used on mixture trautonium, granular synthesis resulting Soundscape or Cloud, are rarely used.\nSynthesizers are often controlled with a piano-style keyboard. Other forms of controllers resemble fingerboards, guitars, violins, wind instruments, drums and percussions, etc. Synthesizers without built-in controllers are often called sound modules, and are controlled via MIDI or CV/Gate methods.
/m/02238b	James Christian \"Jimmy\" Kimmel is an American comedian, voice actor, actor, screenwriter, producer, musician, television host, and radio personality. He is the host and creator of Jimmy Kimmel Live!, a late-night talk show that airs on ABC. Prior to that, Kimmel was best known as the co-host of Comedy Central's The Man Show and Win Ben Stein's Money. Kimmel is also a television producer, having produced shows such as Crank Yankers, Sports Show with Norm Macdonald, and The Andy Milonakis Show.
/m/02g3v6	The following is a list of Saturn Award winners for Best Costume:\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates a film that won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.\n\"‡\" indicates a film that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
/m/06w33f8	Marilyn Vance is an award-winning American costume designer and filmmaker.
/m/07y_7	The violin, also known as a fiddle, is a string instrument, usually with four strings tuned in perfect fifths. It is the smallest, highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola, the cello and the double bass.\nSomeone who plays the violin is called a violinist or a fiddler. The violinist produces sound by drawing a bow across one or more strings, by plucking the strings, or by a variety of other techniques. The violin is played by musicians in a wide variety of musical genres, including Baroque music, classical, jazz, folk music, rock and roll, and Soft rock. The violin has come to be played in many non-Western music cultures all over the world.\nThe violin is sometimes informally called a fiddle, regardless of the type of music played on it. The word violin comes from the Medieval Latin word vitula, meaning stringed instrument; this word is also believed to be the source of the Germanic \"fiddle\". The violin, while it has ancient origins, acquired most of its modern characteristics in 16th-century Italy, with some further modifications occurring in the 18th and 19th centuries. Violinists and collectors particularly prize the instruments made by the Gasparo da Salò, Giovanni Paolo Maggini, Stradivari, Guarneri and Amati families from the 16th to the 18th century in Brescia and Cremona and by Jacob Stainer in Austria. Great numbers of instruments have come from the hands of \"lesser\" makers, as well as still greater numbers of mass-produced commercial \"trade violins\" coming from cottage industries in places such as Saxony, Bohemia, and Mirecourt. Many of these trade instruments were formerly sold by Sears, Roebuck and Co. and other mass merchandisers.
/m/07b1gq	Judge Dredd is a 1995 American science fiction action film directed by Danny Cannon, and starring Sylvester Stallone, Diane Lane, Rob Schneider, Armand Assante, and Max von Sydow. The film is based on the strip of the same name in the British comic 2000 AD. It was a critical and commercial disappointment.
/m/09r9dp	Jonathan Daniel \"Jon\" Hamm is an American actor and TV director. For much of the mid-1990s, Hamm lived as a struggling actor in Los Angeles, but later made appearances in television series like Providence, The Division, What About Brian, and Related. In 2000, he made his feature film debut in the space adventure film Space Cowboys. The following year, he secured a minor role in the independent comedy, Kissing Jessica Stein.\nHamm gained wide recognition for playing advertising executive Don Draper in the AMC drama series Mad Men, which premiered in July 2007. His performance earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series in 2008. He has also directed two episodes of the show. In 2008, Hamm appeared in a remake of the science fiction film The Day the Earth Stood Still. His first leading film role was in the 2010 independent thriller Stolen. He also had supporting roles in The Town, Sucker Punch, and Bridesmaids. Hamm has received ten Emmy nominations for his performance in Mad Men and 30 Rock.
/m/0bytkq	Dante Ferretti is an Italian production designer, art director and costume designer for films.\nIn his career, Ferretti has worked with many great directors, both American and Italian, such as Pier Paolo Pasolini, Federico Fellini, Terry Gilliam, Franco Zeffirelli, Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Anthony Minghella, and Tim Burton. He frequently collaborates with his wife, set decorator Francesca Lo Schiavo.\nFerretti was a protégé of Federico Fellini, and worked under him for five films. He also had a five-film collaboration with Pier Paolo Pasolini and later developed a very close professional relationship with Martin Scorsese, designing seven of his last eight movies.\nIn 2008, he designed the set for Howard Shore's opera The Fly, directed by David Cronenberg, at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris.\nFerretti won three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction for The Aviator, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street and Hugo. He had seven previous nominations. In addition, he was nominated for Best Costume Design for Kundun. He has also won three BAFTA Awards.\nIn 2012, he designed the decor for restaurant Salumeria Rosi Parmacotto on Manhattan's Upper East Side, consisting of a theatrical dining room combining faux-Roman statues and peeling-paint Pompeii-like frescos with recessed spotlights, red walls, and modern white leather armchairs.
/m/019n7x	Carson Jones Daly is an American television host, radio personality, and television personality. Prior to 2002, Daly was a VJ on MTV's TRL, and a DJ for the Southern California based radio station 106.7 KROQ-FM. In 2002, Daly joined NBC, where he began hosting the late night talk show Last Call with Carson Daly, and occasionally hosting special event programming for NBC, such as the Macy's Fourth of July fireworks show and New Year's Eve with Carson Daly from Times Square beginning in 2003. In 2011, Daly began a prominent role at NBC, hosting its reality music competition The Voice. In 2013, Daly joined NBC's morning show Today as a social media correspondent.\nDaly has also served as a radio DJ; he was formerly a nighttime host on the Los Angeles radio station KROQ-FM; beginning in 2010, Daly began hosting a morning show on its sister station KAMP-FM. He also co-founded an independent record label named 456 Entertainment.
/m/0f42nz	Om Shanti Om is a 2007 Bollywood romantic-reincarnation film directed and choreographed by Farah Khan. It stars Shahrukh Khan and Hindi debutant Deepika Padukone in the lead roles while Arjun Rampal, Shreyas Talpade, and Kirron Kher feature in supporting roles. More than forty-two well-known Bollywood stars appear in the course of the film, including thirty of them in one song alone. The film is set in the 1970s and 2000s; it pays tribute to, and pokes fun at, the Indian film industry of both these eras.\nThe film was released in 2,000 prints worldwide making it the largest Indian cinematic release at the time. Om Shanti Om was released on 9 November 2007 to mostly positive reviews from critics and record-breaking box office collections. It grossed 1.49 billion worldwide and thus became the highest-grossing Hindi film of all time at the time of its release. Another notable fact is Deepika Padukone's voice has been dubbed by sound artiste Mona Ghosh Shetty for this film.
/m/0p4wb	Deutsche Lufthansa AG, commonly simply known as Lufthansa, is the flag carrier of Germany and also the largest airline in Europe, both in terms of overall passengers carried and fleet size. It operates services to 18 domestic destinations and 197 international destinations in 78 countries across Africa, Americas, Asia and Europe, using a fleet of more than 280 aircraft.\nBesides the actual airline named Lufthansa, Deutsche Lufthansa AG is also the parent company for several other airlines and further aviation-related branches, among the most well-known are Swiss International Air Lines and Lufthansa Technik. With over 620 aircraft, it has one of the largest passenger airline fleets in the world when combined with its subsidiaries. In 2012, the entire Lufthansa Group carried over 103 million passengers.\nLufthansa's registered office and corporate headquarters are in Cologne. The main operations base, called Lufthansa Aviation Center, is located at Lufthansa's primary traffic hub at Frankfurt Airport. The majority of Lufthansa's pilots, ground staff, and flight attendants are based there. Lufthansa's secondary hub is Munich Airport with a third, considerably smaller one maintained at Düsseldorf Airport.
/m/05zpghd	The Invention of Lying is a 2009 fantasy romantic comedy film that was written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson. This film is the directorial debut of Gervais and Robinson. The film stars Ricky Gervais as the first human with the ability to lie. The supporting cast features Jennifer Garner, Jonah Hill, Louis C.K., Rob Lowe and Tina Fey.
/m/0cgbf	Joan Crawford, born Lucille Fay LeSueur, was an American dancer and stage chorine, who later became a noted, Oscar-winning film and television actress.\nStarting as a dancer in traveling theatrical companies before debuting as a chorine on Broadway, Crawford signed a motion picture contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1925. Initially frustrated by the size and quality of her parts, Crawford began a campaign of self-publicity and became nationally known as a flapper by the end of the 1920s. In the 1930s, Crawford's fame rivaled, and later outlasted, MGM colleagues Norma Shearer and Greta Garbo. Crawford often played hardworking young women who find romance and success. These \"rags-to-riches\" stories were well received by Depression-era audiences and were popular with women. Crawford became one of Hollywood's most prominent movie stars and one of the highest paid women in the United States, but her films began losing money and by the end of the 1930s she was labeled \"Box Office Poison\". But her career gradually improved in the early 1940s, and she made a major comeback in 1945 by starring in Mildred Pierce, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/01vt9p3	Marie Dionne Warwick is an American singer, actress and TV show host, who became a United Nations Global Ambassador for the Food and Agriculture Organization, and a United States Ambassador of Health.\nHaving been in a partnership with songwriters Burt Bacharach and Hal David, Warwick ranks among the 40 biggest hit makers of the entire rock era, based on the Billboard Hot 100 Pop Singles Charts. Dionne Warwick is second only to Aretha Franklin as the most-charted female vocalist of all time with 56 of Dionne's singles making the Billboard Hot 100 between 1962 and 1998.
/m/0g5q34q	Heartbeats is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Xavier Dolan. It follows the story of two friends who both fall in love with the same man. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/025n3p	Vin Diesel is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He came to prominence in the late 1990s, and first became known for appearing in Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan in 1998. He is most known for his portrayals of Riddick in The Chronicles of Riddick trilogy and of Dominic Toretto in The Fast and the Furious film series, two franchises in which he also acted as producer.\nHe starred in xXx and Sidney Lumet's Find Me Guilty. His voice acting work includes Brad Bird's The Iron Giant, the video games of The Chronicles of Riddick franchise, and the upcoming Guardians of the Galaxy adaptation of the Marvel comics of the same name.\nAs a filmmaker, Diesel directed, wrote, produced and starred in the drama film Strays, as well as in two short films. He is the founder of the production companies One Race Films, Racetrack Records, and Tigon Studios.
/m/040_lv	I ♥ Huckabees is a 2004 American philosophical comedy film from Fox Searchlight. It was produced and directed by David O. Russell, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeff Baena.\nThe film stars Dustin Hoffman, Isabelle Huppert, Jude Law, Jason Schwartzman, Lily Tomlin, Mark Wahlberg, and Naomi Watts.
/m/01pj7	Croatia, officially the Republic of Croatia, is a unitary democratic parliamentary republic at the crossroads of Central Europe, Southeast Europe, and the Mediterranean. Its capital and largest city is Zagreb. The country is divided into 20 counties and the city of Zagreb. Croatia covers 56,594 square kilometres and has diverse, mostly continental and Mediterranean climates. Croatia's Adriatic Sea coast contains more than a thousand islands. The country's population is 4.28 million, most of whom are Croats, with the most common religious denomination being Roman Catholicism.\nThe Croats arrived in the area of present-day Croatia during the early part of the 7th century. They organised the state into two duchies by the 9th century. Tomislav became the first king by 925 AD, elevating Croatia to the status of a kingdom. The Kingdom of Croatia retained its sovereignty for nearly two centuries, reaching its peak during the rule of Kings Peter Krešimir IV and Dmitar Zvonimir. Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102. In 1527, faced with Ottoman conquest, the Croatian Parliament elected Ferdinand I of the House of Habsburg to the Croatian throne. In 1918, after World War I, Croatia was included in the unrecognised State of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs which seceded from Austria–Hungary and merged into the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. A fascist Croatian puppet state existed during World War II. After the war, Croatia became a founding member and a federal constituent of Second Yugoslavia, a socialist state. In June 1991, Croatia declared independence, which came into effect on 8 October of the same year. The Croatian War of Independence was fought successfully during the four years following the declaration.
/m/015fsv	Eastern Michigan University is a comprehensive, co-educational public university located in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Ypsilanti is 35 miles west of Detroit and eight miles east of Ann Arbor. The university was founded in 1849 as Michigan State Normal School. Today, the university is governed by an eight-member Board of Regents, who are appointed by the Governor of Michigan for eight-year terms. The school belongs to the Mid-American Conference and was re-accredited by the North Central Association in 2001. Since 1991 EMU athletics has gone by the name \"Eagles\". Then in 1994, \"Swoop\" was officially adopted by the university as the school's mascot. Currently, EMU comprises seven colleges and schools: Arts & Sciences, Business, Education, Health & Human Services, Technology, an Honors College, and a Graduate School. The university's site is composed of an academic and athletic campus spread across 800 acres, with over 120 buildings. EMU has a total enrollment of more than 23,000 students.
/m/09n48	The 2002 Winter Olympics, officially the XIX Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event that was celebrated in February 2002 in and around Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. Approximately 2,400 athletes from 78 nations participated in 78 events in fifteen disciplines, held throughout 165 sporting sessions. The 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2002 Paralympic Games were both organized by the Salt Lake Organizing Committee. Utah became the fifth state in the United States to host the Olympic Games, and the 2002 Winter Olympics are the most recent games to be held in the United States.\nThe opening ceremony was held on February 8, 2002, and sporting competitions were held up until the closing ceremony on February 24, 2002. Music for both ceremonies was directed by Mark Watters. Salt Lake City became the most populous area ever to have hosted the Winter Olympics, although the two subsequent host cities' populations were larger. Following a trend, the 2002 Olympic Winter Games were also larger than all prior Winter Games, with 10 more events than the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan; this became a trend with more and more events held in subsequent Games.
/m/01jv_6	The BC Lions are a professional Canadian football team competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League. Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, the Lions play their home games at BC Place in Downtown Vancouver.\nThe Lions played their first season in 1954, making them the youngest franchise in the CFL, and have played every season since. As such, they are the oldest professional sports franchise in the city of Vancouver and in the province of British Columbia. They have appeared in the League's Grey Cup championship game ten times, winning six of those games, with their most recent championship occurring in 2011.\nThe Lions were the first Western Canadian team to have won the Grey Cup at home, having done so in 1994 and 2011, before Saskatchewan won in 2013, while also becoming the only team to beat an American-based franchise in a championship game, a feat accomplished in the former game. The Lions currently have the second longest active playoff streak, and third longest of all time, having made the playoffs for 17 straight seasons.
/m/063lqs	Hogan Sheffer is an American Daytime Emmy-winning screenwriter. During the WGA strike, he chose financial core status with the WGA and continued working.
/m/02lnbg	Dance-pop is dance-oriented pop music that originated in the early 1980s. Developing from post-disco and synthpop, it is generally up-tempo music intended for clubs with the intention of being danceable but also suitable for contemporary hit radio. Dance-pop music is generally characterised by strong beats with easy, uncomplicated song structures which are generally more similar to pop music than the more free-form dance genre, with an emphasis on melody as well as catchy tunes. The genre, on the whole, tends to be producer-driven, despite some notable exceptions.\nDance-pop is a popular style and there are several artists and groups who perform in the genre. Notable ones include Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Usher, Jennifer Lopez, Celine Dion, Madonna, Kylie Minogue, Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, Lady Gaga, George Michael, Paula Abdul, Spice Girls, Christina Aguilera, Katy Perry, Rihanna, Kesha and Backstreet Boys.
/m/0c3p7	Glenn Close is an American film, television and stage actress. Throughout her long and varied career, she has been consistently acclaimed for her versatility and considered by many to be one of the greatest actresses of all time.\nClose began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love, and was mostly a Broadway actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s, appearing in both plays and musicals, including major productions such as Barnum in 1980. Her first film role was in The World According to Garp, which she followed up with supporting roles in The Big Chill, and The Natural; all three earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She would later receive nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performances in Fatal Attraction, Dangerous Liaisons, and Albert Nobbs. Since 2005, she has been known for her television roles in The Shield and her Emmy and Golden Globe winning role as Patty Hewes in the FX TV series Damages.\nClose is a six-time Academy Award nominee, tying the record for being the actress with the most nominations never to have won. In addition, her work has earned her three Tonys, an Obie, three Emmys, two Golden Globes, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has also been nominated three times for a Grammy Award and once for a BAFTA, amongst others.
/m/0hqcy	David O. Selznick was an American film producer and film studio executive. He is best known for producing Gone with the Wind and Rebecca, both earning him an Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/01f1r4	The University of California, Santa Barbara, is a public research university and one of the 10 general campuses of the University of California system. The main campus is located on a 1,022-acre site near Goleta, California, United States, 8 miles from Santa Barbara and 100 miles northwest of Los Angeles. Tracing its roots back to 1891 as an independent teachers' college, UCSB joined the University of California system in 1944 and is the third-oldest general-education campus in the system.\nUCSB is one of America's Public Ivy universities, which recognizes top public research universities in the United States. The university is a comprehensive doctoral university and is organized into five colleges and schools offering 87 undergraduate degrees and 55 graduate degrees. The campus is the 6th-largest in the UC system by enrollment with 18,977 undergraduate and 2,950 graduate students. UCSB was ranked 41st among \"National Universities\" and 11th among public universities by U.S. News & World Report 's 2014 rankings. The university was also ranked 33rd worldwide by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 35th worldwide by the Academic Ranking of World Universities in 2013.
/m/01699	Burkina Faso, also known by its short-form name Burkina, is a landlocked country in West Africa around 274,200 square kilometres in size. It is surrounded by six countries: Mali to the north; Niger to the east; Benin to the southeast; Togo and Ghana to the south; and Ivory Coast to the southwest. Its capital is Ouagadougou. In 2010, its population was estimated at just under 15.75 million.\nFormerly called the Republic of Upper Volta, the country was renamed \"Burkina Faso\" on 4 August 1984 by then-President Thomas Sankara, using a word from each of the country's two major native languages, Mòoré and Dioula. Figuratively, Burkina, from Mòoré, may be translated as \"men of integrity\", while Faso means \"fatherland\" in Dioula. \"Burkina Faso\" is understood as \"Land of upright people\" or \"Land of honest people\". Residents of Burkina Faso are known as Burkinabè. French is an official language of government and business in the country.\nBetween 14,000 and 5000 BC, Burkina Faso was populated by hunter-gatherers in the country's northwestern region. Farm settlements appeared between 3600 and 2600 BC. What is now central Burkina Faso was principally composed of Mossi kingdoms. In 1896 France established a protectorate over the kingdoms in this territory.
/m/0884fm	Ben Cross is an English actor of the stage and screen, known for his portrayal of the British Olympic athlete Harold Abrahams in the 1981 film Chariots of Fire.
/m/03h8_g	Steve-O is a British-American-Canadian stunt performer, comedian, and TV personality. His entertainment career is mostly centered on his performance stunts on the American TV series Jackass and related movies.
/m/05dbf	Nicole Mary Kidman, AC is an Australian actress, singer and film producer. Kidman's breakthrough film role was in the 1989 thriller Dead Calm. Following several films in the early 1990s, she came to worldwide recognition for her performances in Days of Thunder, Far and Away, and Batman Forever. She followed these with other successful films in the late 1990s. Her performance in the musical Moulin Rouge! earned her second Golden Globe Award and first Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. Her performance as Virginia Woolf in the drama film The Hours received critical acclaim and earned Kidman the Academy Award for Best Actress.\nKidman's other notable films include To Die For, Eyes Wide Shut, The Others, Cold Mountain, The Interpreter and Australia. Her performance in 2010's Rabbit Hole earned Kidman further accolades, including a third Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. In 2012, she earned her first Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her role in Hemingway & Gellhorn. Kidman has been a Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF since 1994 and for UNIFEM since 2006. In 2006, Kidman was made a Companion of the Order of Australia, and was also the highest-paid actress in the motion picture industry. As a result of being born to Australian parents in Hawaii, Kidman has dual citizenship in Australia and the United States. Kidman founded and owns the production company Blossom Films.
/m/09wj5	Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Bloom is an English actor. He had his break-through roles in 2001 as the elf-prince Legolas in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and in 2003 as blacksmith Will Turner in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. He subsequently established himself as a lead in Hollywood films, including Elizabethtown and Kingdom of Heaven. He appeared in the ensemble films Black Hawk Down; Troy; New York, I Love You; Sympathy for Delicious; and Main Street. Bloom made his professional stage debut in West End's In Celebration at the Duke of York's Theatre, St. Martin's Lane, which ended its run on 15 September 2007. On 12 October 2009, Bloom was named a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He reprised his role as Legolas in parts two and three of The Hobbit film trilogy.
/m/0mjn2	The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey, Don Henley, Bernie Leadon, and Randy Meisner. With five number-one singles, six Grammy Awards, five American Music Awards, and six number one albums, the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s. At the end of the 20th century, two of their albums, Their Greatest Hits and Hotel California, ranked among the 20 best-selling albums in the U.S. according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Hotel California is ranked 37th in Rolling Stone's list of \"The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time\", and the band was ranked number 75 on the magazine's 2004 list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.\nThey are one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time, having sold over 150 million records—100 million in the U.S. alone—including 42 million copies of Their Greatest Hits and 32 million copies of Hotel California. They are the fifth-highest-selling music act and highest-selling American band in US history. No American band sold more records than the Eagles during the 1970s.\nThe Eagles released their self-titled debut album in 1972, which spawned three top 40 singles: \"Take It Easy\", \"Witchy Woman\", and \"Peaceful Easy Feeling\". Their next album, Desperado, was less successful than the first, reaching only number 41 on the charts; neither of its singles reached the top 40. However, the album contained two of the band's most popular tracks: \"Desperado\" and \"Tequila Sunrise\". They released On the Border in 1974, adding guitarist Don Felder midway through the recording of the album. The album generated two top 40 singles: \"Already Gone\" and their first number one, \"Best of My Love\".
/m/05myd2	Michael David Rapaport is an actor, director and comedian. He has acted in more than forty films since the early 1990s. For his television credits he's best known for his roles on the television series Boston Public, Prison Break, Friends, and The War at Home.
/m/01lbcqx	Casino Royale is a 1967 spy comedy film originally produced by Columbia Pictures starring an ensemble cast of directors and actors. It is loosely based on Ian Fleming's first James Bond novel. The film stars David Niven as the \"original\" Bond, Sir James Bond 007. Forced out of retirement to investigate the deaths and disappearances of international spies, he soon battles the mysterious Dr. Noah and SMERSH.\nThe film's slogan: \"Casino Royale is too much... for one James Bond!\" refers to Bond's ruse to mislead SMERSH in which six other agents are pretending to be \"James Bond\", namely, Baccarat master Evelyn Tremble; millionaire spy Vesper Lynd; Bond's secretary Miss Moneypenny; Bond's daughter with Mata Hari, Mata Bond; and British agents \"Coop\" and \"The Detainer\".\nCharles K. Feldman, the producer, had acquired the film rights and had attempted to get Casino Royale made as an Eon Productions Bond film; however, Feldman and the producers of the Eon series, Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, failed to come to terms. Believing that he could not compete with the Eon series, Feldman resolved to produce the film as a satire.
/m/01z88t	Yemen, officially known as the Republic of Yemen, is an Arab country located in Western Asia, occupying the southwestern to southern end of the Arabian Peninsula. Yemen is the second largest country in the peninsula, occupying 527,970 km². The coastline stretches for about 2,000 km. It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north, the Red Sea to the west, the Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea to the south, and Oman to the east. Its capital and largest city is Sana'a. Yemen's territory includes more than 200 islands. The largest of these is Socotra, which is situated about 354 km to the south of mainland Yemen. Geographically, Yemen stretches from the desert sands of the Rub' al Khali to mountain peaks 3,660 meters above sea levels, and drops back down to the coast of the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden. The nation is separated from the Horn of Africa by the strait of Bab-el-Mandeb.\nYemen was home of the Sabaeans, a trading state that probably also encompassed parts of modern day Ethiopia, Eritrea and Djibouti, and that flourished for over a thousand years. In 275 AD, the region came under the rule of the later Jewish influenced Himyarite Kingdom. Christianity arrived in the 4th century AD whereas Judaism and local Paganism was already established. Islam spread quickly in 7th century and Yemenite troops were crucial in the expansion of the early Islamic conquests. Administration of Yemen has long been notoriously difficult. Several dynasties emerged from the 9th to 16th century, the Rasulid being the strongest and most prosperous. The country was divided between the Ottoman and British empires in the early 20th century. The Zaydi Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen was established after World War I in North Yemen before the creation of Yemen Arab Republic in 1962. While South Yemen remained a British protectorate until 1967. The two Yemeni states united to form the modern republic of Yemen in 1990.
/m/01qcz7	The Canton of Vaud is the third largest of Swiss cantons by population and fourth by size. It is located in Romandie, the French-speaking western part of the country, and borders the canton of Neuchâtel to the north, the cantons of Fribourg and Bern to the east, Valais and Lake Geneva to the south, the canton of Geneva to the south-west and France to the west.\nThe capital is Lausanne, officially designated \"Olympic Capital\" by the International Olympic Committee and host to many sport organizations. The canton had 725,944 inhabitants as of 2011.
/m/051kv	The Methodist movement is a group of historically-related denominations of Protestant Christianity which derive their inspiration from the life and teachings of John Wesley. George Whitefield and John's brother Charles Wesley were also significant leaders in the movement. It originated as a revival within the 18th-century Church of England and became a separate Church following Wesley's death. Because of vigorous missionary activity, the movement spread throughout the British Empire, the United States, and beyond, today claiming approximately 80 million adherents worldwide.\nMethodism is characterized by its emphasis on helping the poor and the average person, its very systematic approach to building the person, and the \"church\" and its missionary spirit. These ideals are put into practice by the establishment of hospitals, universities, orphanages, soup kitchens, and schools to follow Jesus's command to spread the Good News and serve all people. The Methodist movement is also known for its rich musical tradition. Charles Wesley was instrumental in writing much of the hymnody of the Methodist Church, and many other eminent hymn writers come from the Methodist tradition.\nMethodists are convinced that building loving relationships with others through social service is a means of working towards the inclusiveness of God's love. Wesleyan Methodists teach that Christ died for all of humanity, not just for a limited group, and thus everyone is entitled to God's grace. Theologically, this view is known as Arminianism, which denies that God has pre-ordained an elect number of people to eternal bliss while others perished eternally. However, Whitefield and several others were considered Calvinistic Methodists. The Methodist movement has a wide variety of forms of worship, ranging from high church to low church in liturgical usage.
/m/0cpvcd	Ludwig Heinrich Edler von Mises was a philosopher, Austrian School economist, sociologist, and classical liberal. He became a prominent figure in the Austrian School of economic thought and is best known for his work on praxeology. Fearing a Nazi takeover of Switzerland, where he was living at the time, Mises emigrated to the United States in 1940. Mises' thought has exerted significant influence on the libertarian movement in the United States in the mid-20th century.
/m/0jmj7	The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in Oakland, California. They are part of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was first established in 1946, as the Philadelphia Warriors, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where the franchise won the championship in the inaugural season of the Basketball Association of America, the league that would eventually become the National Basketball Association after a merger with the National Basketball League.\nIn 1962, the franchise was relocated to San Francisco and became known as the San Francisco Warriors until 1971, when its name was changed to the current Golden State Warriors. Since 1966, the team has played home games in the building currently known as the Oracle Arena and exclusively since 1972, with the exception of a one-year hiatus during which it played in San Jose, California, while the Oracle Arena was being remodeled. Along with their inaugural championship win in the 1946–47 season, the Warriors have won two others in the team's history, including another in Philadelphia after the 1955–56 season, and one as Golden State after the 1974–75 season, tying them for 5th in the NBA in number of championships.
/m/014_lq	Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California, United States, formed in 1996. The band's line-up includes founder Josh Homme, alongside longtime members Troy Van Leeuwen, Michael Shuman, Dean Fertita, and recent addition Jon Theodore.\nFormed after the dissolution of Homme's previous band, Kyuss, Queens of the Stone Age developed a style of riff-oriented, heavy rock music. Their sound has since evolved to incorporate a variety of different styles and influences, including working with ZZ Top member Billy Gibbons and steady contributor Mark Lanegan.
/m/027cyf7	The National Board of Review Award for Best Acting by an Ensemble is an annual film award given by the National Board of Review.
/m/0mx4_	Linn County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,672. The county seat is Albany. It is named in honor of Lewis F. Linn, a U.S. Senator from Missouri who advocated the American occupation of the Oregon Country.
/m/045xx	Juventus Football Club S.p.A., commonly referred to as Juventus and colloquially as Juve, are a professional Italian association football club based in Turin, Piedmont. The club is the third oldest of its kind in the country and has spent the majority of its history, with the exception of the 2006–07 season, in the top flight First Division.\nFounded in 1897 as Sport Club Juventus by a group of young Torinese students, among them, who was their first president, Eugenio Canfari, and his brother Enrico, author of the company's historical memory; they are managed by the industrial Agnelli family since 1923, which constitutes the oldest sporting partnership in Italy, thus making Juventus the first professional club in the country. Over time, the club has become a symbol of the nation's culture and italianità, due to their tradition of success, some of which have had a significant impact in Italian society, especially in the 1930s and the first post-war decade; and the ideological politics and socio-economic origin of the club's sympathisers. This is reflected, among others, in the club's contribution to the national team, uninterrupted since the second half of the 1920s and recognised as one of the most influential in international football, having performed a decisive role in the World Cup triumphs of 1934, 1982 and 2006. The club's fan base is larger than any other Italian football club and is one of the largest worldwide. Support for Juventus is widespread throughout the country and abroad, mainly in countries with a significant presence of Italian immigrants.
/m/0gvvm6l	Amour is a 2012 French-language drama film written and directed by the Austrian filmmaker Michael Haneke, starring Jean-Louis Trintignant, Emmanuelle Riva and Isabelle Huppert. The narrative focuses on an elderly couple, Anne and Georges, who are retired music teachers with a daughter who lives abroad. Anne suffers a stroke which paralyses her on one side of her body. The film is a co-production between the French, German, and Austrian companies Les Films du Losange, X-Filme Creative Pool, and Wega Film.\nThe film was screened at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Palme d'Or. It won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 85th Academy Awards, and was nominated in four other categories: Best Picture, Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Original Screenplay and Best Director. At the age of 85, Emmanuelle Riva is the oldest nominee for the Best Actress in a Leading Role.\nAt the 25th European Film Awards, it was nominated in six categories, winning in four, including Best Film and Best Director. At the 47th National Society of Film Critics Awards it won the awards for Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress. At the 66th British Academy Film Awards it was nominated in four categories, winning for Best Leading Actress and Best Film Not in the English Language. Emmanuelle Riva became the oldest person to win a BAFTA. At the 38th César Awards it was nominated in ten categories, winning in five, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Actress.
/m/0tfc	Adam Smith was a Scottish moral philosopher and a pioneer of political economy. One of the key figures of the Scottish Enlightenment, Smith is best known for two classic works: The Theory of Moral Sentiments, and An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. The latter, usually abbreviated as The Wealth of Nations, is considered his magnum opus and the first modern work of economics. Smith is cited as the \"father of modern economics\" and is still among the most influential thinkers in the field of economics today.\nSmith studied social philosophy at the University of Glasgow and at Balliol College, Oxford, where he was one of the first students to benefit from scholarships set up by fellow Scot, John Snell. After graduating, he delivered a successful series of public lectures at the University of Edinburgh, leading him to collaborate with David Hume during the Scottish Enlightenment. Smith obtained a professorship at Glasgow teaching moral philosophy, and during this time he wrote and published The Theory of Moral Sentiments. In his later life, he took a tutoring position that allowed him to travel throughout Europe, where he met other intellectual leaders of his day. Smith laid the foundations of classical free market economic theory. The Wealth of Nations was a precursor to the modern academic discipline of economics. In this and other works, he expounded upon how rational self-interest and competition can lead to economic prosperity. Smith was controversial in his own day and his general approach and writing style were often satirized by Tory writers in the moralizing tradition of William Hogarth and Jonathan Swift. In 2005, The Wealth of Nations was named among the 100 Best Scottish Books of all time. Former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, it is said, used to carry a copy of the book in her handbag.
/m/025v3k	The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities is a public research university located in Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, with the Minneapolis and St. Paul campuses being approximately 5 miles apart. It is the oldest and largest campus within the University of Minnesota system and has the sixth-largest main campus student body in the United States, with 51,853 students in 2012–2013. The university is broadly organized into 19 colleges and schools, and it has sister campuses in Crookston, Duluth, Morris, and Rochester.\nMinnesota's athletic teams are known collectively as the Minnesota Golden Gophers and compete in the NCAA's Division I, as members of the Big Ten Conference.
/m/016kz1	Flashdance is a 1983 American romantic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne. It was the first collaboration of producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and the presentation of some sequences in the style of music videos was an influence on other 1980s films, including Top Gun, Simpson and Bruckheimer's most famous production. Flashdance opened to negative reviews by professional critics, but was a surprise box office success, becoming the third highest grossing film of 1983 in the U.S. It had a worldwide box-office gross of more than $100 million. Its soundtrack spawned several hit songs, among them \"Maniac\" performed by Michael Sembello and the Academy Award–winning \"Flashdance... What a Feeling\", performed by Irene Cara, which was written for the film.
/m/0hvb2	Ramón Antonio Gerardo Estévez, better known by his stage name Martin Sheen, is an American actor who achieved fame with roles in the films Badlands and Apocalypse Now. Since then, Sheen's more well-known films include Gettysburg, The Departed, and The Amazing Spider-Man. He also starred on television as President Josiah Bartlet in The West Wing, and lent his voice as the Illusive Man in the Mass Effect video game trilogy.\nHe is considered one of the best actors never to have been nominated for an Academy Award. In film he has won the Best Actor award at the San Sebastián International Film Festival for his performance as Kit Carruthers in Badlands. His portrayal of Capt. Willard in Apocalypse Now earned a nomination for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor. Sheen has worked with a wide variety of film directors, such as Richard Attenborough, Francis Ford Coppola, Terrence Malick, David Cronenberg, Mike Nichols, Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and Oliver Stone. He has had a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame since 1989. In television he has won both a Golden Globe and two Screen Actors Guild awards for playing the role of President Josiah Bartlet in The West Wing, and an Emmy for guest starring in the sitcom Murphy Brown.
/m/017v_	The Free State of Bavaria is a state of Germany, located in the southeast. With an area of 70,548 square kilometres, it is the largest state by area, forming almost 20% of the total land area of Germany. Bavaria is Germany's second most populous state, with 12.5 million inhabitants. Bavaria's capital and largest city is Munich, the third largest city in Germany.\nBavaria is the oldest continuously existing state in Europe; it was established as a duchy in the mid first millennium. In the 17th century, the Duke of Bavaria became a Prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation. The Kingdom of Bavaria existed from 1806 to 1918, and Bavaria has since been a free state. Modern Bavaria also includes parts of the historical regions of Franconia, Upper Palatinate and Swabia.
/m/01jgkj2	James Edward Ingram is an American singer–songwriter, record producer, and instrumentalist. He is a two-time Grammy Award-winner and a two-time Academy Award nominee for Best Original Song. Since beginning his career in 1973, Ingram has charted eight Top 40 hits on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart from the early 1980s until the early 1990s, as well as thirteen top 40 hits on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In addition, he charted 22 hits on the Adult Contemporary chart. He had two number-1 singles on the Hot 100: the first, a duet with fellow R&B artist Patti Austin, 1982's \"Baby, Come to Me\" topped the U.S. pop chart in 1983; \"I Don't Have the Heart\", which became his second number 1 in 1990 was his only number 1 as a solo artist. In between this period he also recorded the song \"Somewhere Out There\" with fellow recording artist Linda Ronstadt for the animated film An American Tail. The song and the music video both became gigantic hits. Ingram co-wrote singer Patty Smyth's \"The Day I Fall In Love\", from the motion picture Beethoven's 2nd, and \"Look What Love Has Done\", from the motion picture Junior, which earned him nominations for Best Original Song from the Oscars, Golden Globe, and Grammy Awards in 1994 and 1995.
/m/01795t	Walt Disney Pictures is an American film production company and division of The Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. The division is based at the Walt Disney Studios and is the main producer of live-action feature films within the The Walt Disney Studios unit. It took on its current name in 1983. Today, in conjunction with the other units of The Walt Disney Studios, Walt Disney Pictures is classified as one of Hollywood's \"Big Six\" film studios. Nearly all of Walt Disney Pictures' releases are distributed theatrically by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, through home media platforms via Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment and through television syndication by Disney–ABC Domestic Television.
/m/03xq0f	FilmFlex, is an on-demand movie rental services provider, claiming to be largest outside of the US. It is a joint venture between Sony Pictures Television and The Walt Disney Company.
/m/01fwpt	Joan Mary Cusack is an American actress. She received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in the films Working Girl and In & Out, as well as one Golden Globe nomination. She has appeared in other films such as Addams Family Values, Broadcast News, Stars and Bars, Married to the Mob, Say Anything..., Arlington Road, Runaway Bride, School of Rock, Toy Story 2, and Toy Story 3.\nCusack was a cast member on the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live from 1985 to 1986. Cusack currently stars on the Showtime hit drama/comedy Shameless, as Sheila Jackson for which she has received three Emmy Award nominations.
/m/02vxn	A film, also called a movie or motion picture, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to phi phenomenon. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects. Contemporary definition of cinema is the art of simulating experiences, that communicate ideas, stories, perceptions, feelings, beauty or atmosphere by the means of recorded or programmed moving images along with other sensory stimulations.\nThe process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. Films were originally recorded onto plastic film which was shown through a movie projector onto a large screen; more modern techniques may use wholly digital filming and storage, such as the Red One camera which records onto hard-disk or flash cards.\nFilms usually include an optical soundtrack, which is a graphic recording of the spoken words, music and other sounds that are to accompany the images. It runs along a portion of the film exclusively reserved for it and is not projected.
/m/02vjp3	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a 2004 American pulp adventure science fiction film written and directed by Kerry Conran in his directorial debut. The film is set in an alternative 1939 and follows the adventures of Polly Perkins, a newspaper reporter, and Joseph \"Joe\" Sullivan, alias \"Sky Captain,\" as they track down the mysterious Dr. Totenkopf, who is seeking to build the \"World of Tomorrow\". The film is an example of the \"dieselpunk\" genre.\nConran spent four years making a black and white teaser trailer with a bluescreen set up in his living room and using a Macintosh IIci personal computer. He was able to show it to producer Jon Avnet, who was so impressed that he spent two years working with the aspiring filmmaker on his screenplay. No major studio was interested in financing such an unusual film with a first-time director. Avnet convinced Aurelio De Laurentiis to finance Sky Captain without a distribution deal.\nAlmost 100 digital artists, modelers, animators and compositors created the multi-layered 2D and 3D backgrounds for the live-action footage while the entire movie was sketched out via hand-drawn storyboards and then re-created as computer-generated 3D animatics. Ten months before Conran made the movie with his cast, he shot it entirely with stand-ins in Los Angeles and then created it in animatics so the actors had an idea of what the film would look like. Sky Captain is notable as one of the first major films to be shot entirely on a \"digital backlot\", blending live actors with computer-generated surroundings.
/m/033smt	The Technical Director or Technical Manager is usually a senior technical person within a software company, engineering firm, film studio, theatrical company or television studio. This person usually possesses the highest level of skill within a specific technical field and may be recognized as an expert in that industry.
/m/016r9z	The 1900 Summer Olympics, today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris, France. No opening or closing ceremonies were held; competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28. The Games were held as part of the 1900 World's Fair. 997 competitors took part in 19 different sports. Women took part in the games for the first time and sailor Hélène de Pourtalès became the first female Olympic champion. The decision to hold competitions on a Sunday brought protests from many American athletes, who travelled as representatives of their colleges and were expected to withdraw rather than compete on their religious day of rest.\nAt the Sorbonne conference of 1895, Pierre de Coubertin proposed that the Olympic Games should take place in 1900 in Paris. The delegates to the conference were unwilling to wait five years and lobbied to hold the first games in 1896. A decision was made to hold the first Olympic Games in 1896 in Athens and that Paris would host the second celebration.\nMost of the winners in 1900 did not receive medals, but were given cups or trophies. Professionals competed in fencing and Albert Robert Ayat, who won the épée for amateurs and masters, was awarded a prize of 3000 francs.
/m/05r7t	Puerto Rico, officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, is an unincorporated territory of the United States, located in the northeastern Caribbean east of the Dominican Republic and west of both the United States Virgin Islands and the British Virgin Islands.\nPuerto Rico comprises an archipelago that includes the main island of Puerto Rico and a number of smaller islands, the largest of which are Vieques, Culebra, and Mona. The main island of Puerto Rico is the smallest by land area of the Greater Antilles. It ranks third in population among that group of four islands, which include Cuba, Hispaniola, and Jamaica. Due to its location, Puerto Rico enjoys a tropical climate and is subject to the Atlantic hurricane season. Official languages of the island are Spanish and English, with Spanish being the primary language.\nOriginally populated for centuries by an aboriginal people known as Taíno, the island was claimed by Christopher Columbus for Spain during his second voyage to the Americas on November 19, 1493. Under Spanish rule, the island was colonized. The Taíno were forced into slavery and suffered high fatalities from epidemics of European infectious diseases. Spain held Puerto Rico for over 400 years, despite attempts at capture of the island by the French, Dutch, and British. In 1898, Spain ceded the archipelago, as well as the Philippines, to the United States as a result of its defeat in the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898. In 1917, the U.S. granted citizenship to Puerto Ricans; since 1948, they have elected their own governor. In 1952 the Constitution of Puerto Rico was adopted and ratified by the electorate.
/m/0992d9	15 Minutes is a 2001 American action-crime thriller film starring Robert De Niro and Edward Burns. It is about a homicide detective and a fire marshal who team up together to stop a pair of Eastern European murderers who are videotaping their crimes with the desire to become rich and famous. The film also stars Melina Kanakaredes and Kelsey Grammer. The title is a reference to the Andy Warhol quotation, \"In the future, everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes.\"\nThe film was shot on location in New York City in july 1999 and it was originally slated to be released in the Spring of 2000 by New Line with theatrical trailers appearing in the fall/winter 1999. For reasons unknown, the film was pulled from the Spring 2000 schedule and then delayed. The film was finally released in March of 2001. A similar situation would happen with Knockaround Guys which was slated to be released that Spring only to be yanked and delayed. That film would finally be released in late 2002.
/m/0bt7ws	Angela Faye Kinsey is an American actress. She is known for her role as the uptight accountant Angela Martin on the NBC television series The Office.
/m/06t8b	Steven Andrew Soderbergh is an American film producer, screenwriter, cinematographer, editor, and director. He is best known for directing critically acclaimed commercial Hollywood films like Out of Sight, Erin Brockovich and Traffic, and the remake of Ocean's Eleven. He has also directed smaller, less conventional works, such as Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Schizopolis, Bubble, Kafka, The Girlfriend Experience and Che.
/m/0p7qm	The Sand Pebbles is a 1966 American period war film directed by Robert Wise. It tells the story of an independent, rebellious U.S. Navy Machinist's Mate, First Class aboard the fictional gunboat USS San Pablo in 1920s China.\nThe film features Steve McQueen, Richard Attenborough, Richard Crenna, Candice Bergen, Mako, Simon Oakland, Larry Gates, and Marayat Andriane. Robert Anderson adapted the screenplay from the 1962 novel of the same name by Richard McKenna.
/m/07sbbz2	Rock and roll is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s, primarily from a combination of African-American genres such as blues, jump blues, jazz, and gospel music, together with Western swing and country music. Though elements of rock and roll can be heard in blues records from the 1920s and in country records of the 1930s, the genre did not acquire its name until the 1950s.\nThe term \"rock and roll\" now has at least two different meanings, both in common usage: referring to the first wave of music that originated in the US in the 1950s and would later develop into the more encompassing international style known as \"rock music\", and as a term simply synonymous with the rock music and culture in the broad sense. For the purpose of differentiation, this article deals with the first definition.\nIn the earliest rock and roll styles of the late 1940s and early 1950s, either the piano or saxophone was often the lead instrument, but these were generally replaced or supplemented by guitar in the middle to late 1950s. The beat is essentially a blues rhythm with an accentuated backbeat, the latter almost always provided by a snare drum. Classic rock and roll is usually played with one or two electric guitars, a string bass or an electric bass guitar, and a drum kit. Beyond simply a musical style, rock and roll, as seen in movies and on television, influenced lifestyles, fashion, attitudes, and language. It went on to spawn various sub-genres, often without the initially characteristic backbeat, that are now more commonly called simply \"rock music\" or \"rock\".
/m/03c5f7l	Ray McKinnon is an American actor, screenwriter, film director and producer. He was married to actress and producer Lisa Blount from 1998 until her death on October 25, 2010. He graduated with a degree in Theatre from Valdosta State University.\nAlong with his wife, McKinnon won the Academy Award in the category Live Action Short Film in 2001 for The Accountant. The film was produced by Ginny Mule Pictures, a company founded by himself, Lisa Blount and Walton Goggins. McKinnon currently lives in Little Rock, Arkansas, the hometown of his late wife. As an actor, he is best known for his role as Reverend Smith in the HBO series Deadwood and for his role as Lincoln Potter in the fourth season of the critically acclaimed FX show Sons of Anarchy.\nMcKinnon wrote, produced, directed and played Snake in the critically acclaimed 2004 film Chrystal starring Blount and Billy Bob Thornton. The supporting cast included Goggins, Grace Zabriskie, Harry Lennix, Harry Dean Stanton and Johnny Galecki.\nHe created the television series Rectify, the first original series from Sundance Channel. The first season was broadcast from April to May 2013 and has been renewed for a second season.
/m/04xvh5	A costume drama or period drama is a period piece in which elaborate costumes, sets and properties are featured in order to capture the ambience of a particular era.\nThe term is usually used in the context of film and television. It is an informal crossover term that can apply to several genres but is most often heard in the context of historical dramas and romances, adventure films and swashbucklers. The implication is that the audience is attracted as much by the lavish costumes as by the content.\nThe most common type of costume drama is the historical costume drama, both on stage and in movies. This category includes Barry Lyndon, Amadeus, Braveheart, From Hell and Robin Hood. Films that are set in the 1930s and 1940s, such as Last Man Standing, may also be placed in this category. Other examples include Marie Antoinette, Middlemarch and Pride and Prejudice.\nThere have been highly successful television series that have been known as costume dramas/period pieces. Notable examples include Upstairs Downstairs, The Tudors, Mad Men, Boardwalk Empire, Downton Abbey, Deadwood, Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman, Little House on the Prairie and Freaks and Geeks. There also exist shows that use the effects of a costume drama/period piece because they are set in a particular era of time, although their true focus is based around a different genre. Examples of these are Xena: Warrior Princess, Legend of the Seeker and That '70s Show.
/m/016ywr	Jeremy John Irons is an English actor. After receiving classical training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, Irons began his acting career on stage in 1969, and has since appeared in many London theatre productions including The Winter's Tale, Macbeth, Much Ado About Nothing, The Taming of the Shrew, Godspell, Richard II and Embers. In 1984, he made his Broadway debut in Tom Stoppard's The Real Thing and received a Tony Award for Best Actor.\nIrons's first major film role came in the 1981 romantic drama The French Lieutenant's Woman, for which he received a BAFTA nomination for Best Actor. After starring in such films as Moonlighting, Betrayal and The Mission, he gained critical acclaim for portraying twin gynaecologists in David Cronenberg's psychological thriller Dead Ringers. In 1990, Irons played accused murderer Claus von Bülow in Reversal of Fortune, and took home multiple awards including an Academy Award for Best Actor. Other notable films have included Kafka, The House of the Spirits, The Lion King, Die Hard with a Vengeance, Lolita, The Man in the Iron Mask, The Merchant of Venice, Being Julia, Kingdom of Heaven, Eragon, Appaloosa, and Margin Call.
/m/01w_sh	The University of Essex is a British public research university whose original and largest campus is near the town of Colchester, England. It was established in 1963 and received its Royal Charter in 1965.\nThe university's main campus is located within Wivenhoe Park in the English county of Essex, less than a mile from the town of Wivenhoe & 2 miles from the town of Colchester. Apart from the Wivenhoe Park campus, there is a rapidly developing campus in Southend-on-Sea, and the East 15 Acting School is based in Loughton. The University's motto, Thought the harder, heart the keener, is adapted from the Anglo-Saxon poem The Battle of Maldon. The university enjoys collaborative partnerships with a number of institutions across the eastern region. These are University Campus Suffolk, Colchester Institute, Kaplan Open Learning, South Essex College and Writtle College.\nThe university exhibits an international character with 132 countries represented in its student body. The latest Research Assessment Exercise in 2008 ranked Essex ninth in the UK for the quality of its research with more than 90% of research recognised internationally for its quality, with 22% of research rated as 'world leading'. The university is referenced by QS World University Rankings as a world leader in social science, with internationally-recognised strengths in the humanities.
/m/06jkm	Ralph Waldo Emerson was an American essayist, lecturer, and poet, who led the Transcendentalist movement of the mid-19th century. He was seen as a champion of individualism and a prescient critic of the countervailing pressures of society, and he disseminated his thoughts through dozens of published essays and more than 1,500 public lectures across the United States.\nEmerson gradually moved away from the religious and social beliefs of his contemporaries, formulating and expressing the philosophy of Transcendentalism in his 1836 essay, Nature. Following this ground-breaking work, he gave a speech entitled \"The American Scholar\" in 1837, which Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. considered to be America's \"Intellectual Declaration of Independence\".\nEmerson wrote most of his important essays as lectures first, then revised them for print. His first two collections of essays – Essays: First Series and Essays: Second Series, published respectively in 1841 and 1844 – represent the core of his thinking, and include such well-known essays as Self-Reliance, The Over-Soul, Circles, The Poet and Experience. Together with Nature, these essays made the decade from the mid-1830s to the mid-1840s Emerson's most fertile period.
/m/099tbz	The Critics Choice Award for Best Acting Ensemble is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/06jnvs	Gregory Martin \"Greg\" Daniels is an American television comedy writer, producer, and director. He is known for his work on several television series, including Saturday Night Live, The Simpsons, King of the Hill and The Office. All four shows were named among Time's James Poniewozik's All Time 100 TV Shows. Daniels attended Harvard University and he became friends with Conan O'Brien. Their first writing credit was for Not Necessarily the News, before they were fired due to budget cuts. He eventually became a writer for two long-running series: Saturday Night Live and The Simpsons.\nHe joined the writing staff of The Simpsons during the fifth season, and he wrote several classic episodes including \"Lisa's Wedding,\" \"Bart Sells His Soul\" and \"22 Short Films About Springfield.\" He left the series in order to co-create another long-running animated series, King of the Hill, with Mike Judge. The series ran for thirteen years before it was cancelled in 2009. During the series run, he worked on several other series, including The Office and Parks and Recreation. Currently, Daniels is working on new shows, and is developing another British adaptation for NBC.
/m/04fc6c	The Island Def Jam Music Group is an American record label formed in 1999 when the Universal Music Group merged two of its daughter companies Island Records and Def Jam Recordings. In 2011, Motown Records was split from the Universal Motown Republic Group and was subsequently merged into the The Island Def Jam Music Group. Barry Weiss serves as Chairman and CEO of the company. As of February 2014, artists on the IDJMG roster include Mariah Carey, Rihanna, Kanye West, 2 Chainz, and Iggy Azalea.
/m/06mxs	Stockholm is the capital of Sweden. Stockholm is the most populous city in Sweden and Scandinavia, with 881,235 people living in the municipality and a total population of 2,127,006 in the metropolitan area, accounting for 22% of the Swedish population in 2012. Stockholm is an important global city, placed in the \"alpha-\" category by the GaWC, and ranked 27th in the world, 12th in Europe and first in Scandinavia by the Global Cities Index in 2012. In 2013, Stockholm was named the 8th most competitive city in the world by the Economist Intelligence Unit.\nFounded in c. 1250, possibly as early as 1187, Stockholm has long been one of Sweden's cultural, media, political, and economic centres. Its strategic location spread across 14 islands on the coast in the south-east of Sweden at the mouth of Lake Mälaren, by the Stockholm archipelago, has been historically important. The city is known for its beauty, its buildings and architecture, its abundant clean and open water, and its many parks.\nStockholm is the seat of the Government of Sweden and most government agencies, including the highest courts in the Judiciary, and the official residencies of the Swedish monarch and the Prime Minister. The Government has its seat in the Rosenbad building, the Riksdag is seated in the Parliament House, and the Prime Minister's residence is adjacent at the Sager House. The Stockholm Palace is the official residence and principal workplace of the Swedish monarch, while the Drottningholm Palace, a World Heritage Site on the outskirts of Stockholm, serves as the Royal Family's private residence.
/m/0gyh	Alabama is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States. It is bordered by Tennessee to the north, Georgia to the east, Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south, and Mississippi to the west. Alabama is the 30th-most extensive and the 23rd-most populous of the 50 United States. At 1,300 miles, Alabama has one of the longest navigable inland waterways in the nation.\nFrom the American Civil War until World War II, Alabama, like many Southern states, suffered economic hardship, in part because of continued dependence on agriculture. Despite the growth of major industries and urban centers, White rural interests dominated the state legislature until the 1960s, while urban interests and African Americans were under-represented. African Americans and poor whites were essentially disfranchised in 1901, a status that continued until after 1965.\nFollowing World War II, Alabama experienced growth as the economy of the state transitioned from one primarily based on agriculture to one with diversified interests. The establishment or expansion of multiple United States Armed Forces installations added to the state economy and helped bridge the gap between an agricultural and industrial economy during the mid-20th century. The state economy in the 21st century is dependent on management, automotive, finance, manufacturing, aerospace, mineral extraction, healthcare, education, retail, and technology.
/m/02183k	The University of Georgia is an American land-grant university, sea grant, and space grant research university with its primary campus located on a 759-acre campus in Athens, Georgia, USA. It is the flagship university of the state of Georgia. The university is ranked 20th overall among all public national universities in the current 2014 U.S. News & World Report rankings and consistently ranks within the top 200 universities worldwide across numerous publications. UGA is classified as a 'Research University/Very High Activity', according to the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University of Georgia is a part of the University System of Georgia and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.\nFounded in 1785 as the United States's first state-chartered university, it is the oldest and largest of Georgia's institutions of higher learning and along with the College of William and Mary and the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill claims the title of the oldest public university in the United States. The university's historic North Campus is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as a designated historic district.²
/m/05lfwd	Grey's Anatomy is an American television medical drama that premiered on the American Broadcasting Company as a mid-season replacement on March 27, 2005. The series has aired ten seasons, and focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns and residents as they gradually evolve into seasoned doctors, while trying to maintain personal lives. The title is a play on the name Gray's Anatomy, an English-language human anatomy textbook originally written by Henry Gray. Earlier editions were called Anatomy: Descriptive and Surgical, but the book's name is commonly shortened to, and later editions are titled, Gray's Anatomy. The show's premise originated with Shonda Rhimes, who serves as an executive producer, along with Betsy Beers, Mark Gordon, Krista Vernoff, Rob Corn, Mark Wilding, and Allan Heinberg. The series was created to be racially diverse, utilizing a color-blind casting technique. While the show is set in Seattle, it is primarily filmed in Los Angeles, California.\nThe series' protagonist is Dr. Meredith Grey, who originally is accepted into the residency program at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital. Meredith is assigned to work under Dr. Miranda Bailey, along with Dr. Cristina Yang, Dr. George O'Malley, Dr. Izzie Stevens, and Dr. Alex Karev. Following O'Malley's death and Stevens' departure, the hospital's merger with Mercy West brings in Dr. Jackson Avery and Dr. April Kepner, in the sixth season.
/m/0gqzz	The Academy Awards are given each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for the best films and achievements of the previous year. The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature is given each year for animated films. An animated feature is defined by the academy as a film with a running time of more than 40 minutes in which characters' performances are created using a frame-by-frame technique, a significant number of the major characters are animated, and animation figures in no less than 75 percent of the running time. The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature was first given for films made in 2001.\nAcademy Award nominations and winners are chosen by the members of the AMPAS. If there are 16 or more films submitted for the category, the winner is voted from a shortlist of five films, which has happened four times, otherwise there will only be three films on the shortlist. Additionally, eight eligible animated features must have been theatrically released in Los Angeles County within the calendar year for this category to be activated. The final results are presented at the Academy Awards ceremony in January. Animated films can be nominated for other categories but have rarely been so: Beauty and the Beast was the first animated film ever to be nominated for Best Picture. Up and Toy Story 3 also received Best Picture nominations after the Academy expanded the number of nominees. Waltz with Bashir is the only animated picture ever nominated for Best Foreign Language Film. The category has been dominated by Pixar which has produced nine films which have been nominated and seven winners; the only two films they have produced since the category's inception to not be nominated in the category are Cars 2 and Monsters University.
/m/04wg38	Edward Fitzgerald Burns is an American actor, film producer, writer, and director best known for appearing in several films like Saving Private Ryan and One Missed Call. Burns made his directorial debut with movies such as The Brothers McMullen, She's the One and Sidewalks of New York.
/m/03rbj2	The Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role. Although the awards started in 1953, awards for the best supporting actor category started only the following year.
/m/03m7d	Hezbollah —also transliterated Hizbullah, Hizballah, etc.—is a Shi'a Islamic militant group and political party based in Lebanon. Its paramilitary wing is regarded as a resistance movement throughout much of the Arab world and in Shiite communities, and is considered more powerful than the Lebanese Army. Hezbollah, which started with only a small militia, has grown to an organization with seats in the Lebanese government, a radio and a satellite television-station, and programs for social development. The organization has been called a state within a state. Hezbollah maintains strong support among Lebanon's Shi'a population. Hezbollah fought against Israel in the 2006 Hezbollah-Israel War. After the 2006–2008 Lebanese political protests and clashes, a national unity government was formed in 2008, giving Hezbollah and its opposition allies control of eleven of thirty cabinets seats; effectively veto power.\nAfter retaliatory attacks by Sunni militants for its support for the Bashar al-Assad regime, Hezbollah began building multiple checkpoints in predominantly Shiite areas of Lebanon. Some Sunni militants have made threats against Hezbollah, while the Sunni theologian Yusuf Qaradawi condemned Hezbollah by coining the term \"Hezboshaytan\" meaning party of satan. The governments of the U.S., Netherlands, France, Gulf Cooperation Council, U.K., Australia, Canada, the European Union and Israel classify Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, in whole or in part.
/m/03lmzl	Keith Ian Carradine is an American actor who has had success on stage, film and television. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Tom Frank in Robert Altman's Nashville, Wild Bill Hickok in the HBO series Deadwood and FBI agent Frank Lundy in Dexter. In addition, he is a Golden Globe and Academy Award winning songwriter. As a member of the Carradine family, he is part of an acting dynasty that began with his father, John Carradine.
/m/06q8qh	A Prairie Home Companion is a 2006 ensemble comedy directed by Robert Altman. It was Altman's final film; he died in November 2006. The movie is a fictional representation of behind-the-scenes activities at the long-running public radio show of the same name.
/m/0f4x7	The Academy Award for Best Actor is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Academy Awards ceremony, held in 1929; Emil Jannings received the award for his roles in The Last Command and The Way of All Flesh and it is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry. Currently, nominees are determined by single transferable vote within the actors branch of AMPAS; winners are selected by a plurality vote from the entire eligible voting members of the Academy.\nIn the first three years of the awards, actors were nominated as the best in their categories. At that time, all of their work during the qualifying period was listed after the award. However, during the 3rd ceremony held in 1930, only one of those films was cited in each winner's final award, even though each of the acting winners had two films following their names on the ballots. The following year, this unwieldy and confusing system was replaced by the current system in which an actor is nominated for a specific performance in a single film. Starting with the 9th ceremony held in 1937, the category was officially limited to five nominations per year.
/m/05mc7y	Edward \"Eddie\" Selzer was an American film producer, most noted as the producer of Warner Bros. Cartoons from 1944 to 1957.\nAfter the studio was purchased from Leon Schlesinger in 1944, Selzer was assigned studio head by Jack Warner. Unlike his predecessor, he did not take any on-screen credit as producer. Much of what is known about Selzer's personality and business acumen is from Chuck Jones' autobiography, Chuck Amuck: The Life and Times of an Animated Cartoonist. In it, Jones paints Selzer as an interfering bore with no sentiment or appreciation towards animated cartoons.\nSome historians also claim that Friz Freleng nearly resigned after butting heads with Selzer, who did not think that pairing Sylvester the cat and Tweety was a viable decision. The argument reached its crux when Freleng reportedly placed his drawing pencil on Selzer's desk, furiously telling Selzer that if he knew so much about animation, he should do the work instead. Selzer backed off the issue and apologized to Freleng that evening, a wise decision on two fronts: Warner Bros. did not lose the talents of Freleng to a competing studio, and Tweetie Pie, the very cartoon that first paired Sylvester and Tweety together, went on to win Warner Brothers' first Academy Award for Animated Short Film, in 1947, with Tweety and Sylvester proving to be among the most endearing duos in Warner Bros. cartoons.
/m/05vsb7	The 2005 NFL Draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. It is officially known as the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting. The draft was held April 23–24, 2005. The league also held an supplemental draft that year, which was held after the regular draft but before the regular season. The draft took place at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City, New York and was televised for the 26th consecutive year on ESPN and ESPN2. The NFL Draft had been held at Madison Square Garden since 1995, but was moved to the Javits Center in 2005. The draft featured the San Francisco 49ers selecting first overall Alex Smith from the University of Utah. Also 4 Auburn University players were drafted in the first round. Thirty-two compensatory selections were distributed amongst fourteen teams, with the Philadelphia Eagles and the St. Louis Rams garnering the most with four picks each. Three of the first five picks were running backs, an NFL Draft first. The 255 players chosen in the draft were composed of:
/m/04n2vgk	Scott Mescudi, better known by his stage name Kid Cudi, is an American hip-hop recording artist and actor from Cleveland, Ohio. After moving to Brooklyn, New York, with aspirations of becoming a rapper, Cudi initially gained recognition after the release of his first official full-length project, a mixtape titled A Kid Named Cudi, which he released in 2008. The mixtape caught the attention of American record executive and rapper-producer Kanye West, who subsequently signed Cudi to his GOOD Music label, in late 2008. Cudi's association with West and the GOOD Music label, as well as his breakout single \"Day 'n' Nite\", led him to prominence. Cudi, who is also a singer-songwriter, guitarist and record producer, is currently signed under Republic Records, as well as his own record label imprint, Wicked Awesome Records.\nIn 2009, Cudi's debut single \"Day 'n' Nite\", reached the top five of the Billboard charts. \"Day 'n' Nite\" was included on the mixtape as well as Cudi's debut studio album Man on the Moon: The End of Day, which was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. The End of Day also features the singles \"Make Her Say\" and \"Pursuit of Happiness\", both of which fared well on several music charts. In 2010, Cudi released his second studio album and the sequel to his first, Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager. The sequel was preceded by the release of two singles \"Erase Me\" and \"Mr. Rager\", which were both released to moderate success, with \"Erase Me\" peaking at #22 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album itself peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200, surpassing its predecessor in both sales and peak position. Very much like his debut, The Legend of Mr. Rager also went on to be certified Gold by the RIAA. In April 2013, Cudi released Indicud, his third studio album. The album, primarily produced by Cudi himself, peaked at #2 on the Billboard 200 chart, becoming Cudi's highest-charting album on several charts as well as that one. The album spawned the singles \"Just What I Am\", \"Immortal\" and \"Girls\". In February 2014, Cudi released his fourth album Satellite Flight: The Journey to Mother Moon, exclusively to digital retailers.
/m/0bx_hnp	George Harrison: Living in the Material World is a 2011 documentary film directed by Martin Scorsese, based on the life of Beatles member George Harrison. It has earned six nominations at the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards, winning two Emmy Awards for Outstanding Nonfiction Special and Outstanding Directing for Nonfiction Programming.
/m/059j4x	Manny Coto is a TV producer.
/m/0mmp3	Industrial music is a style of experimental music that draws on transgressive and provocative themes. The term was coined in the mid-1970s with the founding of Industrial Records by the band Throbbing Gristle, and the creation of the slogan \"industrial music for industrial people\". In general, the style is harsh and challenging. Allmusic defines industrial as the \"most abrasive and aggressive fusion of rock and electronic music\"; \"initially a blend of avant-garde electronics experiments and punk provocation\".\nThe first industrial artists experimented with noise and aesthetically controversial topics, musically and visually, such as fascism, serial killers and the occult. Their production was not limited to music, but included mail art, performance art, installation pieces and other art forms. Prominent industrial musicians include Throbbing Gristle, SPK, Boyd Rice, Cabaret Voltaire, and Z'EV. The precursors that influenced the development of the genre included acts such as electronic group Kraftwerk, experimental rock acts such as The Velvet Underground and Frank Zappa, psychedelic rock artists such as Jimi Hendrix, and composers such as John Cage. Musicians also cite writers such as William S. Burroughs, and philosophers such as Friedrich Nietzsche as influences.
/m/02w0dc0	Albert Wolsky is an American costume designer. He has worked both on stage shows as well as for film, and has received two Academy Awards.
/m/07j87	The tomato is the edible, often red fruit/berry of the nightshade Solanum lycopersicum, commonly known as a tomato plant. The species originated in the South American Andes and its use as a food originated in Mexico, and spread throughout the world following the Spanish colonization of the Americas. Its many varieties are now widely grown, sometimes in greenhouses in cooler climates.\nThe tomato is consumed in diverse ways, including raw, as an ingredient in many dishes, sauces, salads, and drinks. While it is botanically a fruit, it is considered a vegetable for culinary purposes, which has caused some confusion. The fruit is rich in lycopene, which may have beneficial health effects.\nThe tomato belongs to the nightshade family, Solanaceae. The plants typically grow to 1–3 meters in height and have a weak stem that often sprawls over the ground and vines over other plants. It is a perennial in its native habitat, although often grown outdoors in temperate climates as an annual. An average common tomato weighs approximately 100 grams.
/m/0xhtw	Hard rock is a loosely defined subgenre of rock music which has its earliest roots in mid-1960s garage rock, blues rock and psychedelic rock. It is typified by a heavy use of aggressive vocals, distorted electric guitars, bass guitar, drums, and often accompanied with pianos and keyboards.\nHard rock developed into a major form of popular music in the 1970s, with bands such as Led Zeppelin, The Who, Deep Purple, Aerosmith and AC/DC, and reached a commercial peak in the 1980s. The glam metal of bands like Van Halen, Bon Jovi and Def Leppard and the rawer sounds of Guns N' Roses followed up with great success in the later part of that decade, before losing popularity with the commercial success of grunge and later Britpop in the 1990s. Despite this, many post-grunge bands adopted a hard rock sound and in the 2000s there came a renewed interest in established bands, attempts at a revival, and new hard rock bands that emerged from the garage rock and post-punk revival scenes.
/m/0j3v	Arthur Schopenhauer was a German philosopher best known for his book, The World as Will and Representation, in which he claimed that our world is driven by a continually dissatisfied will, continually seeking satisfaction. Influenced by Eastern philosophy, he maintained that the \"truth was recognized by the sages of India\"; consequently, his solutions to suffering were similar to those of Vedantic and Buddhist thinkers. His faith in \"transcendental ideality\" led him to accept atheism.\nAt age 25, he published his doctoral dissertation, On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason, which examined the four distinct aspects of experience in the phenomenal world; consequently, he has been influential in the history of phenomenology. He has influenced many thinkers, including Friedrich Nietzsche, Richard Wagner, Otto Weininger, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Erwin Schrödinger, Albert Einstein, Sigmund Freud, Otto Rank, Carl Jung, Joseph Campbell, Leo Tolstoy, Thomas Mann, and Jorge Luis Borges, among others.
/m/0gsg7	The American Broadcasting Company is an American commercial broadcast television network. Throughout its history, ABC has supported its financial operations by diversifying into the press, the publishing industry, the operation of theaters, and filmmaking. Many of the company's assets in these fields have been sold to other companies, and since 2007, when ABC Radio was sold to Citadel Broadcasting, ABC has reduced its operations almost exclusively to television.\nThe network was created on October 12, 1943 as a radio network, successor to the NBC Blue Network which was purchased by Edward Noble, then extended its operations to television in 1948. In the mid-1950s, ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres, a former subsidiary of Paramount Pictures. Leonard Goldenson, who had been the head of UPT, managed to make the new television network profitable by leading it to broadcast many successful series. In the 1970s, ABC sold its theater operation division to Henry Plitt, who renamed it as Plitt Theatres. In the 1980s, after buying an 80% stake in the cable sports channel ESPN, the network merged with the publishing/broadcasting group Capital Cities Communications. In 1996, ABC and Capital Cities' other assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company.
/m/05bm4sm	Michael Semanick is a film sound re-recording mixer.
/m/0d3qd0	John Forbes Kerry is an American politician who is the 68th and current United States Secretary of State. He has served in the United States Senate, and was chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Kerry was the candidate of the Democratic Party in the 2004 presidential election but lost to George W. Bush.\nThe son of an Army Air Corps veteran, Kerry was born in Aurora, Colorado. He attended boarding school in Massachusetts and New Hampshire and went on to graduate from Yale University class of 1966, where he majored in political science and became a member of the Skull and Bones secret society. He enlisted in the Naval Reserve in 1966, and during 1968–1969 served an abbreviated four-month tour of duty in South Vietnam as officer-in-charge of a Swift Boat. For that service, he was awarded combat medals that include the Silver Star, Bronze Star, and three Purple Hearts. Securing an early return to the United States, Kerry joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War in which he served as a nationally recognized spokesman and as an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War. He appeared before the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs where he deemed United States war policy in Vietnam to be the cause of \"war crimes.\"
/m/016wzw	Peru, officially the Republic of Peru, is a country in western South America. It is bordered in the north by Ecuador and Colombia, in the east by Brazil, in the southeast by Bolivia, in the south by Chile, and in the west by the Pacific Ocean.\nPeruvian territory was home to ancient cultures spanning from the Norte Chico civilization, one of the oldest in the world, to the Inca Empire, the largest state in Pre-Columbian America. The Spanish Empire conquered the region in the 16th century and established a Viceroyalty with its capital in Lima, which included most of its South American colonies. After achieving independence in 1821, Peru has undergone periods of political unrest and fiscal crisis as well as periods of stability and economic upswing. Economic cycles have mostly been based on the extraction of raw materials like guano and rubber.\nPeru is a representative democratic republic divided into 25 regions. Its geography varies from the arid plains of the Pacific coast to the peaks of the Andes Mountains and the tropical forests of the Amazon Basin. It is a developing country with a high Human Development Index score and a poverty level around 25.8 percent. Its main economic activities include mining, manufacturing, agriculture and fishing.
/m/023vrq	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group was awarded between 1991 and 2011, alongside the Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance. Previously a single award was presented for Best Rap Performance.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group rap performances will be shifted to the revived Best Rap Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for music released from October a year and a half prior to September the previous year.
/m/0ply0	Orlando is a city in the U.S. state of Florida and a popular tourist destination. Located in Central Florida, it is the county seat of Orange County and the center of the Greater Orlando metropolitan area. Orlando had a population of 238,300 according to the 2010 census, making it the 77th largest city in the United States. The Greater Orlando metropolitan area has a population of 2,134,411, making it the 26th largest metro area in the United States, the sixth largest metro area in the Southeastern United States, and the third largest metro area in the state of Florida. Orlando is the fifth largest city in Florida, and the state's largest inland city.\nOrlando is nicknamed \"The City Beautiful\" and its symbol is the fountain at Lake Eola. Orlando is also known as \"The Theme Park Capital of the World\" and its tourist attractions draw more than 51 million tourists a year, including 3.6 million international guests. The Orlando International Airport is the thirteenth busiest airport in the United States and the 29th busiest in the world. Buddy Dyer is Orlando's mayor.\nAs the most visited American city in 2009, Orlando's famous attractions form the backbone of its tourism industry: Walt Disney World Resort, located approximately 21 miles southwest of Downtown Orlando in Lake Buena Vista, opened by the Walt Disney Company in 1971; the Universal Orlando Resort, which consists of the two parks of Universal Studios Florida and Islands of Adventure; City Walk; SeaWorld; Gatorland; and Wet 'n Wild Water Park. With the exception of Walt Disney World, most major attractions are located along International Drive. The city is also one of the busiest American cities for conferences and conventions.
/m/0h0yt	Stephen John Fry is an English comedian, actor, writer, presenter, and activist.\nAfter a troubled childhood and adolescence, during which he was expelled from two schools and spent three months in prison for credit card fraud, he secured a place at Queens' College, Cambridge, where he studied English literature. While at university, Fry became involved with the Cambridge Footlights, where he met his long-time collaborator Hugh Laurie. As half of the comic double act Fry and Laurie, he co-wrote and co-starred in A Bit of Fry & Laurie, and took the role of Jeeves in Jeeves and Wooster.\nFry's acting roles include a Golden Globe Award–nominated lead performance in the film Wilde, Melchett in the BBC television series Blackadder, the title character in the television series Kingdom, a recurring guest role as Dr. Gordon Wyatt on the crime series Bones, and as Gordon Deitrich in the dystopian thriller V for Vendetta. He has also written and presented several documentary series, including the Emmy Award–winning Stephen Fry: The Secret Life of the Manic Depressive, which saw him explore his mental illness. He is also the long-time host of the BBC television quiz show QI.
/m/0n96z	The London Borough of Hackney is a London borough located in North East London and north of the City of London. It is currently part of the East subregion, though was included in the North subregion from 2008 to 2011. It is one of the Inner London boroughs. The local authority is Hackney London Borough Council.\nHackney is bounded by 5 London boroughs including Hackney's sister borough Islington to the west, Haringey to the north, Waltham Forest to the north-east, Tower Hamlets to the East and Hackney's southwestern boundary is adjacent to the City of London and Broadgate. Also in the southwest are Hoxton and Shoreditch which are at the heart of the London arts scene and home to many clubs, bars, shops and restaurants; Hoxton Square is Hoxton's central point. The Borough of Hackney has attracted some office development and the development of Shoreditch and Hoxton has caused land values to rise, thus expanding the range for prospective development. Much of Hackney maintains its inner-city character and in places like Dalston large housing estates now sit side-by-side with gated communities.\nThe historical and administrative heart of Hackney is the area roughly extending north from Mare Street and surrounding the Church of St John-at-Hackney; known as Hackney Central. Hackney Town Hall Square has been funded to develop as a new 'creative quarter'. Surrounding the public square itself is the now bankrupt Ocean music venue [being refurbished as a four screen cinema complex in late 2011], a new library, technology and learning centre, Hackney Museum and the refurbished Hackney Empire. A new town hall complex has been built out of public funds behind the original building. South Hackney abuts Victoria Park and terraced Victorian and Edwardian housing has survived to this day.
/m/0193qj	The Empire of Japan was a nation state that existed from the Meiji Restoration in 1868 to Japan's defeat and surrender in 1945.\nImperial Japan's rapid industrialization and militarization under the slogan Fukoku Kyōhei led to its emergence as a world power, eventually culminating in its membership in the Axis alliance and the conquest of a large part of the Asia-Pacific region. At the height of its power in 1942, the Empire of Japan ruled over a land area spanning 7,400,000 square kilometres, making it one of the largest maritime empires in history.\nAfter several large-scale military successes during the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Pacific War, the Empire of Japan also gained notoriety for its war crimes against the peoples of the countries it conquered. After suffering many defeats and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, however, the Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies on September 2, 1945. A period of occupation by the Allies followed the surrender, and a new constitution was created with American involvement. The constitution came into force on May 3, 1947, officially dissolving the Empire. American occupation and Japanese reconstruction of the country continued well into the 1950s, eventually forming the current nation-state whose full title is the \"State of Japan\" simply rendered \"Japan\" in English.
/m/0c4ys	A Grammy Award – or Grammy – is an accolade by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance arts: Emmy Awards, the Tony Awards, and the Academy Awards.\nThe first Grammy Awards ceremony was held on May 4, 1959 to honor the musical accomplishments by performers for the year 1958. Following the 2011 ceremony, NARAS overhauled many Grammy Award categories for 2012. The 56th Grammy Awards were held on January 26, 2014, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
/m/0cw67g	Richard A. \"Rick\" Baker is an American special makeup effects artist known for his creature effects.
/m/02s2ft	Christopher W. \"Chris\" Cooper (born July 9, 1951) is an American film actor. He became well known in the late 1990s. He has appeared in supporting performances in several major Hollywood films, including The Bourne Identity, American Beauty, Capote, The Town, The Kingdom, Syriana, October Sky, Seabiscuit, Breach and Adaptation, for which he won both the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.\nHe played Daniel Sloan in the 2012 film The Company You Keep, and in 2013 was cast as Norman Osborn in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
/m/0k345	The avant-garde are people or works that are experimental or innovative, particularly with respect to art, culture, and politics.\nThe avant-garde pushes the boundaries of what is accepted as the norm or the status quo, primarily in the cultural realm. The avant-garde is considered by some to be a hallmark of modernism, as distinct from postmodernism. Many artists have aligned themselves with the avant-garde movement and still continue to do so, tracing a history from Dada through the Situationists to postmodern artists such as the Language poets around 1981.\nThe avant-garde also promotes radical social reforms. It was this meaning that was evoked by the Saint Simonian Olinde Rodrigues in his essay \"L'artiste, le savant et l'industriel\", which contains the first recorded use of \"avant-garde\" in its now customary sense: there, Rodrigues calls on artists to \"serve as [the people's] avant-garde\", insisting that \"the power of the arts is indeed the most immediate and fastest way\" to social, political and economic reform.
/m/0f2v0	Miami is a city located on the Atlantic coast in southeastern Florida and the county seat of Miami-Dade County. The 42nd largest city proper in the United States, with a population of 419,777, it is the principal, central, and most populous city of the Miami metropolitan area, and the most populous metropolis in the Southeastern United States after Washington, D.C. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Miami's metro area is the eighth most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the United States, with a population of around 5.5 million.\nMiami is a major center and a leader in finance, commerce, culture, media, entertainment, the arts, and international trade. In 2012, Miami was classified as an Alpha- World City in the World Cities Study Group’s inventory. In 2010, Miami ranked seventh in the United States in terms of finance, commerce, culture, entertainment, fashion, education, and other sectors. It ranked thirty-third among global cities. In 2008, Forbes magazine ranked Miami \"America's Cleanest City\", for its year-round good air quality, vast green spaces, clean drinking water, clean streets and city-wide recycling programs. According to a 2009 UBS study of 73 world cities, Miami was ranked as the richest city in the United States, and the world's fifth-richest city in terms of purchasing power. Miami is nicknamed the \"Capital of Latin America\", is the second largest U.S. city with a Spanish-speaking majority, and the largest city with a Cuban-American plurality.
/m/09cn0c	The New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress is one of the awards given by the New York Film Critics Circle to honor the finest achievements in filmmaking.
/m/012z8_	Marvin Gaye, born Marvin Pentz Gay, Jr., was an American singer-songwriter and musician.\nGaye helped to shape the sound of Motown Records in the 1960s with a string of hits, including \"How Sweet It Is\" and \"I Heard It Through the Grapevine\", and duet recordings with Mary Wells and Tammi Terrell, later earning the titles \"Prince of Motown\" and \"Prince of Soul\". During the 1970s, he recorded the concept albums What's Going On and Let's Get It On and became one of the first artists in Motown to break away from the reins of its production company. Gaye's later recordings influenced several R&B subgenres, such as quiet storm and neo-soul.\nFollowing a period in Europe as a tax exile in the early 1980s, Gaye released the 1982 Grammy Award-winning hit \"Sexual Healing\" and the Midnight Love album. Since his death in 1984, Gaye has been posthumously honoured by many institutions, including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/07r_dg	Abigail Kathleen Breslin is an American actress. She is one of the youngest actresses ever to be nominated for an Academy Award. Breslin appeared in her first commercial when she was three years old, and in her first film, Signs, at the age of five. Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine; No Reservations; Nim's Island; Definitely, Maybe; My Sister's Keeper; Zombieland; Rango; August: Osage County; and The Call.
/m/0345h	Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in western-central Europe. The country consists of 16 states and its capital and largest city is Berlin. Germany covers an area of 357,021 square kilometres and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With 80.6 million inhabitants, it is the most populous member state in the European Union. Germany is the major economic and political power of the European continent and a historic leader in many cultural, theoretical and technical fields.\nVarious Germanic tribes occupied what is now northern Germany and southern Scandinavia since classical antiquity. A region named Germania was documented by the Romans before AD 100. During the Migration Period that coincided with the decline of the Roman Empire, the Germanic tribes expanded southward and established kingdoms throughout much of Europe. Beginning in the 10th century, German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire. During the 16th century, northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation. Occupied during the Napoleonic Wars, the rise of Pan-Germanism inside the German Confederation resulted in the unification of most of the German states in 1871 into the German Empire, which was dominated by Prussia.
/m/01nkt	Cheese is a food derived from milk that is produced in a wide range of flavors, textures, and forms by coagulation of the milk protein casein. It comprises proteins and fat from milk, usually the milk of cows, buffalo, goats, or sheep. During production, the milk is usually acidified, and adding the enzyme rennet causes coagulation. The solids are separated and pressed into final form. Some cheeses have molds on the rind or throughout. Most cheeses melt at cooking temperature.\nHundreds of types of cheese from various countries are produced. Their styles, textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk, whether they have been pasteurized, the butterfat content, the bacteria and mold, the processing, and aging. Herbs, spices, or wood smoke may be used as flavoring agents. The yellow to red color of many cheeses, such as Red Leicester, is produced by adding annatto. Other ingredients may be added to some cheeses, such as black peppers, garlic, chives or cranberries.\nFor a few cheeses, the milk is curdled by adding acids such as vinegar or lemon juice. Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria, which turn milk sugars into lactic acid, then the addition of rennet completes the curdling. Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei, but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family.
/m/0kr5_	Richard Samuel Attenborough, Baron Attenborough, CBE is a British actor, film director, producer and entrepreneur. He is the President of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.\nAs a film director and producer, he won two Academy Awards for Gandhi in 1983. He has also won four BAFTA Awards and three Golden Globe Awards. As an actor he is perhaps best known for his roles in Brighton Rock, The Great Escape, 10 Rillington Place, Miracle on 34th Street and Jurassic Park.\nHe is the older brother of Sir David Attenborough, the naturalist and broadcaster, and John Attenborough, who was an executive at Alfa Romeo before his death in 2012.
/m/040b5k	House of Flying Daggers is a 2004 wuxia film directed by Zhang Yimou. It differs from other wuxia films in that it is more of a love story than a straight martial arts film.\nThe use of strong colours is again a signature of Zhang Yimou's work. Several scenes in a bamboo forest completely fill the screen with green. Near the end of the film, a fight scene is set in a blizzard. The actors and blood are greatly highlighted on a whiteout background. Another scene uses bright yellow as a colour theme. The costumes, props, and decorations were taken almost entirely from Chinese paintings of the period, adding authenticity to the look of the film .\nThe film opened in limited release within the United States on December 3, 2004, in New York City and Los Angeles, and opened on additional screens throughout the country two weeks later.\nThe film was chosen as China's entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for the year 2004; but was not nominated in that category though it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
/m/02ltg3	The Netherlands national football team represents the Netherlands in international association football. It is controlled by the Royal Netherlands Football Association, the governing body for football in the Netherlands.\nThe team is colloquially referred to as Het Nederlands Elftal and Oranje, after the House of Orange-Nassau. Like the country itself, the team is sometimes, although incorrectly, referred to as Holland. The Dutch hold the record for playing the most World Cup finals without ever winning the final. They finished second in the 1974, 1978 and 2010 World Cups, losing to West Germany, Argentina and Spain respectively. They won the UEFA European Championship in 1988. At the peak of their success in the 1970s, the team was famous for its mastery of Total Football.
/m/025mb9	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s) has been awarded since 1963. The award is presented to the arranger of the music, not to the performer(s), except if the performer is also the arranger.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nFrom 1963 to 1964 the award was known as Best Background Arrangement\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Accompaniment Arrangement for Vocalist(s) or Instrumentalist(s)\nFrom 1966 to 1967 it was awarded as Best Arrangement Accompanying a Vocalist or Instrumentalist\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s)/Best Background Arrangement\nFrom 1969 to 1978 and in 1981 it was awarded as Best Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s)\nFrom 1979 to 1980 it was awarded as Best Arrangement Accompanying Vocal(s)\nFrom 1982 to 1994 and from 1998 to 1999 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocal(s)\nFrom 1995 to 1997 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement with Accompanying Vocals\nFrom 2000 to the present it has been awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s)\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/02l4pj	Emily Watson is an English actress who gave an acclaimed debut film performance in Lars von Trier's Breaking the Waves. She has won a number of awards for acting throughout her career, which has encompassed theatre, motion picture and television; most recently a BAFTA award for her role in ITV's Appropriate Adult.
/m/07yk1xz	\"From director Clint Eastwood, “Invictus” tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela (Morgan Freeman) joined forces with the captain of South Africa’s rugby team, Francois Pienaar (Matt Damon), to help unite their country. \n\nNewly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa’s underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.\"\nQuoting the synopsis from the official Invictus movie site
/m/034qrh	DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story, commonly referred to as simply DodgeBall, is a 2004 American sports comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox and Red Hour Productions, written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller. The film focuses on a rivalry between the owners of Average Joe's, a small gym, and Globo-Gym, a competing big-budget gym located across the street. Peter LaFleur, the owner of the smaller gym, has defaulted on his mortgage and enters a dodgeball tournament in an attempt to earn the money necessary to prevent his gym from being purchased by Globo-Gym to build a new parking lot for their gym members. Globo-Gym enters a team in the tournament in an effort to ensure that Average Joe's gym fails.\nDodgeBall received generally good reviews, with a 70% aggregate rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The film was a commercial success, grossing over $30 million in its first week and eventually grossed more than $114 million domestically.
/m/0b13g7	Tim Bevan, CBE is a film producer.
/m/04n6k	The Library of Congress Classification is a system of library classification developed by the Library of Congress. It is used by most research and academic libraries in the U.S. and several other countries. Most public libraries and small academic libraries continue to use the older Dewey Decimal Classification.\nLCC should not be confused with LCCN, the system of Library of Congress Control Numbers assigned to all books, which also defines URLs of their online catalog entries, such as \"82006074\" and \"http://lccn.loc.gov/82006074\". The Classification is also distinct from Library of Congress Subject Headings, the system of labels such as \"Boarding schools\" and \"Boarding schools—Fiction\" that describe contents systematically. Finally, the classifications may be distinguished from the call numbers assigned to particular copies of books in the collection, such as \"PZ7.J684 Wj 1982 FT MEADE Copy 1\" where the classification is \"PZ7.J684 Wj 1982\".\nThe classification was invented by Herbert Putnam in 1897, just before he assumed the librarianship of Congress. With advice from Charles Ammi Cutter, it was influenced by his Cutter Expansive Classification and by the DDC, Dewey. It was designed specifically for the purposes and collection of the Library of Congress to replace the fixed location system developed by Thomas Jefferson. By the time Putnam departed from his post in 1939, all the classes except K and parts of B were well developed.
/m/0g2ff	A concertina is a free-reed musical instrument, like the various accordions and the harmonica. More distantly related, but still in the same family, are the harmonium and American reed organ.\nIt has a bellows, and buttons typically on both ends of it. When pressed, the buttons travel in the same direction as the bellows, unlike accordion buttons, which travel perpendicularly to the bellows.\nThe concertina was developed in England and Germany, most likely independently. The English version was invented in 1829 by Sir Charles Wheatstone, who filed a patent for an improved version in 1844. Carl Friedrich Uhlig announced the German version in 1834.
/m/0h99n	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a psychiatric disorder of the neurodevelopmental type in which there are significant problems of attention, hyperactivity, or acting impulsively that are not appropriate for a person's age. These symptoms must begin by age six to twelve and be present for more than six months for a diagnosis to be made. In school-aged individuals the lack of focus may result in poor school performance.\nDespite being the most commonly studied and diagnosed psychiatric disorder in children and adolescents, the cause in the majority of cases is unknown. It affects about 6–7% of children when diagnosed via the DSM-IV criteria and 1–2% when diagnosed via the ICD-10 criteria. Rates are similar between countries and depend mostly on how it is diagnosed. ADHD is diagnosed approximately three times more frequent in boys than in girls. About 30–50% of people diagnosed in childhood continue to have symptoms into adulthood and between 2–5% of adults have the condition. The condition can be difficult to tell apart from other disorders as well as that of high normal activity.\nADHD management usually involves some combination of counseling, lifestyle changes, and medications. Medications are only recommended as a first-line treatment in children who have severe symptoms and may be considered for those with moderate symptoms who either refuse or fail to improve with counseling. Long term effects of medications are not clear and they are not recommended in preschool-aged children. Adolescents and adults tend to develop coping skills which make up for some or all of their impairments.
/m/02xj3rw	The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay is one of the annual awards given by Film Independent, a non-profit organization dedicated to independent film and independent filmmakers.
/m/01trhmt	Usher Raymond IV, known mononymously as Usher, is an American singer-songwriter, dancer, philanthropist, businessman, and actor. He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his second album My Way, which spawned his first Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit, \"Nice & Slow\". The album has been certified 6-times platinum by the RIAA. His follow-up album, 8701, produced the Billboard Hot 100 number one hits \"U Remind Me\" and \"U Got It Bad\". The album has been certified 4-times platinum by the RIAA.\nUsher's 2004 album, Confessions, sold over 10 million copies in the United States and has been certified diamond by the RIAA. Confessions has the highest first week sales for an R&B artist in history. It spawned four consecutive Billboard number one hits — \"Yeah!\", \"Burn\", \"Confessions Part II\", and \"My Boo\". Usher's 2008 album, Here I Stand, sold over 5 million copies worldwide, and its lead single \"Love in This Club\" spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100.\nOn March 30, 2010, Usher released his sixth studio album Raymond v. Raymond, which became his third consecutive album to debut at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart. It has been certified platinum by the RIAA, and spawned another Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit \"OMG\". The song became his ninth number one in the United States, making him the first 2010s artist to collect number one singles in three consecutive decades. He later released an extended play and deluxe edition of Raymond v. Raymond, entitled Versus, which debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 chart. Its lead single \"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love\" reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
/m/01vtj38	Cher is an American singer and actress. Recognized for having brought the sense of female autonomy and self-actualization into the entertainment industry, she is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in various areas of entertainment, as well as continuously reinventing both her music and image, which has led to her being nicknamed the Goddess of Pop.\nCher became prominent in 1965 as one-half of the folk rock husband–wife duo Sonny & Cher, who popularized a particular smooth sound that successfully competed with the dominant British Invasion and Motown sounds of the era. From 1965, she had established herself as a solo artist with successful singles such as \"Bang Bang\", \"Gypsys, Tramps & Thieves\", \"Half-Breed\", and \"Dark Lady\", songs that deal with subjects rarely addressed in American popular music. Goldmine magazine's Phill Marder described her as the leader of an effort in the 1960s to \"advance feminine rebellion in the rock world [and] the prototype of the female rock star, setting the standard for appearance [and] attitude\". After the duo's drug-free lifestyle had lost its popular appeal in the United States owing to the drug culture of the 1960s, she returned to stardom in the 1970s as a television personality with her shows The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour and Cher, both of which attained immense popularity. She became a fashion trendsetter with her daring outfits. After Cher and Sonny divorced in 1975, Cher experimented with various musical styles, including disco and new wave, before becoming a successful live act in Las Vegas.
/m/0147sh	Quo Vadis is a 1951 American epic film made by MGM in Technicolor. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and produced by Sam Zimbalist, from a screenplay by John Lee Mahin, S. N. Behrman and Sonya Levien, adapted from Henryk Sienkiewicz's classic 1896 novel Quo Vadis. The music score was by Miklós Rózsa and the cinematography by Robert Surtees and William V. Skall. The title refers to an incident in the Acts of Peter; see Quo Vadis?.\nThe film stars Robert Taylor, Deborah Kerr, Leo Genn, Peter Ustinov, with Patricia Laffan, Finlay Currie, Felix Aylmer and Abraham Sofaer. Sophia Loren was cast in the movie as an extra, and Sergio Leone worked on it as an assistant director of the Italian company.
/m/02r22gf	The British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award for Best Sound has been presented to its winners since 1968 and sound designers of all nationalities are eligible to receive the award.
/m/05f4p	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is the agency of the United States government that is responsible for the nation's civilian space program and for aeronautics and aerospace research.\nPresident Dwight D. Eisenhower established the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in 1958 with a distinctly civilian orientation encouraging peaceful applications in space science. The National Aeronautics and Space Act was passed on July 29, 1958, disestablishing NASA's predecessor, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics. The new agency became operational on October 1, 1958.\nSince that time, most U.S. space exploration efforts have been led by NASA, including the Apollo moon-landing missions, the Skylab space station, and later the Space Shuttle. Currently, NASA is supporting the International Space Station and is overseeing the development of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, the Space Launch System and Commercial Crew vehicles. The agency is also responsible for the Launch Services Program which provides oversight of launch operations and countdown management for unmanned NASA launches.\nNASA science is focused on better understanding Earth through the Earth Observing System, advancing heliophysics through the efforts of the Science Mission Directorate's Heliophysics Research Program, exploring bodies throughout the Solar System with advanced robotic missions such as New Horizons, and researching astrophysics topics, such as the Big Bang, through the Great Observatories and associated programs. NASA shares data with various national and international organizations such as from the Greenhouse Gases Observing Satellite.
/m/01_8w2	CBS News is the news division of American television and radio network CBS. The current chairman is Jeff Fager, who is also the executive producer of 60 Minutes; while the current president of CBS News is David Rhodes. CBS News' flagship program is the CBS Evening News, hosted by the network's main anchor, Scott Pelley. Other programs include the morning news show CBS This Morning, news magazine programs CBS News Sunday Morning, 60 Minutes and 48 Hours, and Sunday morning political affairs program Face the Nation.
/m/011wtv	Minority Report is a 2002 American neo-noir science fiction thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg and loosely based on the short story of the same name by Philip K. Dick. It is set primarily in Washington, D.C., and Northern Virginia in the year 2054, where \"PreCrime\", a specialized police department, apprehends criminals based on foreknowledge provided by three psychics called \"precogs\". The cast includes Tom Cruise as PreCrime Captain John Anderton, Colin Farrell as Department of Justice agent Danny Witwer, Samantha Morton as the senior precog Agatha, and Max von Sydow as Anderton's superior Lamar Burgess. The film is a combination of whodunit, thriller and science fiction.\nSpielberg has characterized the story as \"fifty percent character and fifty percent very complicated storytelling with layers and layers of murder mystery and plot\". The film's central theme is the question of free will versus determinism. It examines whether free will can exist if the future is set and known in advance. Other themes include the role of preventive government in protecting its citizenry, the role of media in a future state where electronic advancements make its presence nearly boundless, the potential legality of an infallible prosecutor, and Spielberg's repeated theme of broken families.
/m/0b6f8pf	Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star is a 2011 comedy film written by Adam Sandler, Allen Covert & Nick Swardson and directed by Tom Brandy.
/m/0gvvf4j	Piranha 3DD is a 2012 American 3D comedy horror film and sequel to the 2010 film Piranha 3D. It is directed by John Gulager from a screenplay by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton. It stars Danielle Panabaker, Matt Bush, David Koechner, Chris Zylka, Katrina Bowden, Gary Busey, Christopher Lloyd, and David Hasselhoff. Production began on April 27, 2011 with a release scheduled for November 23, 2011, but a month prior to release this date was revised to an unspecified 2012 date. The film was eventually released in the UK on May 11, 2012 and in the U.S. on June 1, 2012.
/m/06x2ww	Universal Music Group Nashville is Universal Music Group's country music subsidiary. Some of the labels in this group include MCA Nashville Records, Mercury Nashville Records, and Lost Highway Records. UMG Nashville not only handles these imprints, but also manages the country music catalogues of record labels Universal Music and predecessor companies acquired over the years including ABC Records, Decca Records, Dot Records, DreamWorks Records, Kapp Records, MGM Records, Polydor Records, and Capitol Nashville
/m/02_jkc	Philip \"Phil\" Ramone was a South African-born American recording engineer, record producer, violinist and composer, who in 1958 co-founded A & R Recording, Inc., a recording studio with business partner Jack Arnold at 112 West 48th Street, New York, above what was then Manny's Music. The success of that studio caused it to grow into several studios and a record producing company. He was described by Billboard as \"legendary\", and the BBC as a \"CD pioneer\".
/m/0146pg	John Towner Williams is an American composer, conductor and pianist. He is considered to be one of the greatest film composers of all time. In a career spanning over six decades, he has composed some of the most popular and recognizable film scores in cinematic history, including Jaws, Family Plot, the Star Wars series, Superman, the Indiana Jones series, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, the first two Home Alone films, Hook, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, the first three Harry Potter films, Catch Me If You Can, Memoirs of a Geisha, War Horse, and Lincoln. He has had a long association with director Steven Spielberg, composing the music for all but one of Spielberg's major feature length films.\nOther notable works by Williams include theme music for four Olympic Games, NBC Sunday Night Football, the NBC Nightly News, the Statue of Liberty's rededication, the television series Lost in Space and Land of the Giants, and the original, not as well known calypso-based theme song to Gilligan's Island. Williams has also composed numerous classical concerti, and he served as the Boston Pops Orchestra's principal conductor from 1980 to 1993; he is now the orchestra's conductor laureate.
/m/01qr1_	Jane Krakowski is an American actress and singer who is best known for her role as Jenna Maroney on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock, for which she received four Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, and for her performance as Elaine Vassal on Ally McBeal, for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. She also regularly performs on the stage and won a Tony Award for her performance in the Broadway revival of Nine and an Olivier Award for her role as Miss Adelaide in the West End revival of Guys and Dolls. Krakowski is also known as the voice of Giselle in Open Season and Open Season 2, and for her role as Irene in the film Go.
/m/01xy5l_	A graphic designer is a professional within the graphic design and graphic arts industry who assembles together images, typography, or motion graphics to create a piece of design. A graphic designer creates the graphics primarily for published, printed or electronic media, such as brochures and advertising. They are also sometimes responsible for typesetting, illustration, user interfaces, web design, or take a teaching position. A core responsibility of the designer's job is to present information in a way that is both accessible and memorable.
/m/028d4v	Catherine Anne O'Hara is a Canadian-American actress, writer and comedian. She is well known for her comedy work on SCTV and her roles in the films After Hours, Beetlejuice, Home Alone, and The Nightmare Before Christmas, and also in the mockumentary films written and directed by Christopher Guest, including Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, A Mighty Wind, and For Your Consideration.
/m/016yr0	Edward James Olmos is a Mexican American actor and director. Among his most memorable roles are William Adama in the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica, Lt. Martin Castillo in Miami Vice, teacher Jaime Escalante in Stand and Deliver, patriarch Abraham Quintanilla in the film Selena, Detective Gaff in Blade Runner, and narrator El Pachuco in both the stage and film versions of Zoot Suit.\nIn 1988, Olmos was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for the film Stand and Deliver.\nHe has also been a longtime pioneer for more diversified roles and images of Hispanics in the U.S. media. His notable direction, production and starring roles for films, made-for-TV movies and TV shows include Wolfen, Triumph of the Spirit, Talent for the Game, American Me, The Burning Season, My Family/Mi Familia, Caught, 12 Angry Men, The Disappearance of Garcia Lorca, Walkout, The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit, American Family, and 2 Guns.
/m/019n9w	Pomona College is a private, residential, liberal arts college in Claremont, California, United States.\nThe founding member of the Claremont Colleges, Pomona is a non-sectarian, coeducational school. Since 1925, the Claremont Colleges, which have grown to include five undergraduate and two graduate institutions, have provided Pomona's student body with the resources of a larger university while preserving the closeness of a small college.
/m/0tcj6	Kansas City is the third-largest city in the state of Kansas, the county seat of Wyandotte County, and the third-largest city of the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is part of a consolidated city-county government known as the \"Unified Government\". Wyandotte County also includes the independent cities of Bonner Springs and Edwardsville. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 145,786. It is situated at Kaw Point, which is the junction of the Missouri and Kansas rivers. It may be abbreviated as \"KC\", but is often referred to as \"KCK\" to differentiate it from the bordering city of Kansas City, Missouri.
/m/035w2k	Mission: Impossible is a 1996 American action spy film directed by Brian De Palma, produced by and starring Tom Cruise. Based on the television series of the same name, the plot follows a new agent, Ethan Hunt and his mission to uncover the mole who has framed him for the murders of his entire IMF team. Work on the script had begun early with filmmaker Sydney Pollack on board, before De Palma, Steven Zaillian, David Koepp, and Robert Towne were brought in. Mission: Impossible went into pre-production without a shooting script. De Palma came up with some action sequences, but Koepp and Towne were dissatisfied with the story that led up to those events.\nU2 band members Larry Mullen, Jr. and Adam Clayton produced an electronic dance version of the original theme song. The song went into top ten of music charts around the world and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance. The film was the third-highest-grossing of the year and received positive reviews from film critics. The film marked the beginning of a film series, with sequels Mission: Impossible II, III and Ghost Protocol released in 2000, 2006 and 2011, respectively. A fifth film is in development with Cruise reprising his role.
/m/05yvfd	Shakti Kapoor is an Indian Bollywood actor. He is known as one of the leading villains in Bollywood movies for more than three decades. He has also been applauded for playing comic roles in several movies. Through the eighties and nineties, Kapoor teamed up with another senior actor Kader Khan as the comical or evil duo in over 100 films. Kapoor is one of the few Bollywood actors who played the stereotype Bollywood negative roles and negative characters with a comic touch with equal finesse.
/m/09btt1	Christina Rene Hendricks is an American actress. She is most known for her role as Joan Harris on the AMC television series Mad Men and as Saffron on the FOX series Firefly. She has been nominated for four Emmy Awards for her work on Mad Men. A poll of female readers taken by Esquire magazine named Hendricks \"the sexiest woman in the world\". In 2010, she was voted Best Looking American Woman by Esquire magazine.
/m/01g5v	Blue is the colour of the clear sky and the deep sea. On the optical spectrum, blue is located between violet and green.\nSurveys in the U.S. and Europe show that blue is the colour most commonly associated with harmony, faithfulness, and confidence. In U.S. and European public opinion polls it is overwhelmingly the most popular colour, chosen by almost half of both men and women as their favourite colour. It is also commonly associated with the sky, the sea, ice, cold, and sometimes with sadness.
/m/01jpmpv	Dimitri Zinovievich Tiomkin was a Russian-born Hollywood film score composer and conductor. Musically trained in Russia, he is best known for his western scores, including Duel in the Sun, High Noon, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, and The Alamo. Tiomkin received twenty-two Academy Award nominations and won four Oscars, three for Best Original Score for High Noon, The High and the Mighty and The Old Man and the Sea, and one for Best Original Song for \"The Ballad of High Noon\" from the former film. He was the first composer to win in both categories for the same film.
/m/02vq8xn	Maria Rosario Santos known as Charo Santos-Concio or Charo Santos is a Filipina television executive, host, actress, and film producer who hosts the network's longest-running drama anthology Maalaala Mo Kaya. She is the President of ABS-CBN Corporation, and plays a powerful role in TV and film production in the Philippines. On March 3, 2008, Ms. Charo Santos-Concio was promoted as 5th president of ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation and in charge of the company's total business portfolio, taking over from interim president Eugenio Lopez III.
/m/0b2km_	World Trade Center is a 2006 American drama film directed by Oliver Stone and based on the September 11 attacks at the World Trade Center. It stars Nicolas Cage, Maria Bello, Michael Peña, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Stephen Dorff and Michael Shannon. The film was shot between October 19, 2005 and February 10, 2006 and released on August 9, 2006. World Trade Center is one of two films released in 2006 based on the 9/11 disaster, the other being United 93.
/m/0hmyfsv	Facebook Inc. is an American company headquartered in Menlo Park , California. The company owns the social network Facebook .
/m/0130sy	John Roy \"Jon\" Anderson is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist musician best known as the former lead vocalist in the progressive rock band Yes. He is also an accomplished solo artist and has collaborated with musicians such as the Greek musician Vangelis, amongst others.
/m/0k1bs	Jerome John \"Jerry\" Garcia was an American musician who was best known for his lead guitar work, singing and songwriting with the band the Grateful Dead. Though he disavowed the role, Garcia was viewed by many as the leader or \"spokesman\" of the group.\nOne of its founders, Garcia performed with the Grateful Dead for their entire thirty-year career. Garcia also founded and participated in a variety of side projects, including the Saunders-Garcia Band, Jerry Garcia Band, Old and in the Way, the Garcia/Grisman acoustic duo, Legion of Mary, and the New Riders of the Purple Sage. He also released several solo albums, and contributed to a number of albums by other artists over the years as a session musician. He was well known by many for his distinctive guitar playing and was ranked 13th in Rolling Stone's \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" cover story.\nLater in life, Garcia was sometimes ill because of his unstable weight, and in 1986 went into a diabetic coma that nearly cost him his life. Although his overall health improved somewhat after that, he also struggled with heroin and cocaine addictions, and was staying in a California drug rehabilitation facility when he died of a heart attack in August 1995.
/m/0ggbfwf	Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is a 2011 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Ewan McGregor, Emily Blunt, Kristin Scott Thomas and Amr Waked. Based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Paul Torday, and a screenplay by Simon Beaufoy, the film is about a fisheries expert who is recruited by a consultant to help realize a sheikh's vision of bringing the sport of fly fishing to the Yemen desert, initiating an upstream journey of faith to make the impossible possible. The film was shot on location in London England, Scotland, and Morocco from August to October 2010. The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. The film received generally positive reviews upon its release, and earned $34,564,651 in revenue worldwide.
/m/048lv	Kevin Spacey, CBE is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and producer. He grew up in California and began his career as a stage actor during the 1980s, before being cast in supporting roles in film and television. He gained critical acclaim in the early 1990s, culminating in his first Academy Award for The Usual Suspects, followed by a Best Actor Academy Award win for American Beauty. His other starring roles in Hollywood include Seven, L.A. Confidential, Pay It Forward, K-PAX, and Superman Returns in a career which has earned him several Emmy and Golden Globe nominations. Since 2003, he has been artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London. He recently starred in the Netflix series House of Cards.
/m/0fw1y	Olympia is the capital of the State of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County. It was incorporated on January 28, 1859. The population was 46,478 at the 2010 census. The city borders Lacey, to the east, and Tumwater to the south. Olympia is a major cultural center of the Puget Sound region.
/m/06w2yp9	Deborah Ann Woll is an American actress best known for her role as Jessica Hamby on HBO's True Blood.
/m/01ly5m	Buenos Aires is the capital and largest city of Argentina, and the second-largest metropolitan area in South America, after Greater São Paulo. It is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata, on the continent's southeastern coast. The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation, which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts, constitutes the third-largest conurbation in Latin America, with a population of around thirteen million.\nThe city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district. In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires. Its citizens first elected a Chief of Government in 1996; before, the Mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.\nBy some measures, Buenos Aires is one of the 20 largest cities in the world. It is, along with Mexico City and São Paulo, one of the three Latin American cities considered an 'alpha city' by the study GaWC5. Argentina has the third best quality of life in Latin America. Buenos Aires' quality of life is ranked 81st in the world, with its per capita income among the three highest in the region. It is the most visited city in South America and the second most visited city across Latin America. It is also one of the most important, largest and most populous of South American capitals, often referred to as the Paris of South America.
/m/07vhb	The University of California, Santa Cruz, is a public, collegiate university and one of 10 campuses in the University of California system. Located 80 miles south of San Francisco at the edge of the coastal community of Santa Cruz, the campus lies on 2,001 acres of rolling, forested hills overlooking the Pacific Ocean and Monterey Bay.\nFounded in 1965, UC Santa Cruz began as a showcase for progressive, cross-disciplinary undergraduate education, innovative teaching methods and contemporary architecture. Since then, it has evolved into a modern research university with a wide variety of both undergraduate and graduate programs, while retaining its reputation for strong undergraduate support and student political activism. The residential college system, which consists of ten small colleges, is intended to combine the student support of a small college with the resources of a major university.
/m/01271h	Michael Trent Reznor is an American singer-songwriter, composer, and record producer. As both a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, Reznor has led the industrial rock project Nine Inch Nails since 1988; he left Interscope Records in 2007 and was an independent recording artist for around five years until he signed with Columbia Records. As of 2010, he and his wife Mariqueen Maandig are members of the post-industrial group How to Destroy Angels with Reznor's fellow composer Atticus Ross and graphic designer Rob Sheridan. Reznor and Ross scored the David Fincher films The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, winning the Academy Award for Best Original Score for the former and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for the latter.\nReznor was previously associated with the bands Option 30, The Innocent, and Exotic Birds in the mid-80s. He gained employment at Right Track Studios in Cleveland and began creating his own music during the studio's closing hours under the name of Nine Inch Nails. Reznor's first release as Nine Inch Nails, the 1989 album Pretty Hate Machine, was a commercial and critical success and Reznor has since released seven major studio albums. Outside of Nine Inch Nails, he has contributed to the albums of artists such as Marilyn Manson and Saul Williams. In 1997, Reznor appeared in Time magazine's list of the year's most influential people and Spin magazine described him as \"the most vital artist in music\".
/m/07g2v	Thomas Lee Bass, best known as Tommy Lee, is an American musician and founding member of heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. As well as being the band's long-term drummer, Lee founded rap-metal band Methods of Mayhem, and has pursued solo musical projects. He has been married to model Elaine Starchuk and actresses Heather Locklear and Pamela Anderson.
/m/02p65p	Donald Frank \"Don\" Cheadle, Jr. is an American actor and producer. Cheadle had an early role in Picket Fences and followed it with performances in Devil in a Blue Dress, Rosewood and Boogie Nights. He then started a collaboration with director Steven Soderbergh that resulted in the movies Out of Sight, Traffic and Ocean's Eleven. Other Cheadle films include The Rat Pack, Things Behind the Sun, Swordfish, Crash, Ocean's Twelve, Ocean's Thirteen, Reign Over Me, Talk to Me, Traitor, Iron Man 2 and Iron Man 3.\nIn 2004, his lead role as Rwandan hotel manager Paul Rusesabagina in the genocide drama film Hotel Rwanda, which was set during the Rwandan Genocide earned him a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actor. He also campaigns for the end of genocide in Darfur, Sudan, and co-authored, with John Prendergast, a book concerning the issue entitled Not On Our Watch: The Mission to End Genocide in Darfur and Beyond. Along with George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, David Pressman, and Jerry Weintraub, Cheadle co-founded the Not on Our Watch Project, an organization focusing global attention and resources to stop and prevent mass atrocities. In 2010, Cheadle was named U.N. Environment Program Goodwill Ambassador. He stars as Marty Kaan on the Showtime sitcom House of Lies, for which he most recently won a Golden Globe Award in 2013.
/m/01jw67	The Rose is a 1979 American musical drama film which tells the story of a self-destructive 1960s rock star who struggles to cope with the constant pressures of her career and the demands of her ruthless business manager. The film stars Bette Midler, Alan Bates, Frederic Forrest, Harry Dean Stanton, Barry Primus, and David Keith.\nThe story is loosely based on the life of singer Janis Joplin. Originally titled Pearl, after Joplin's nickname, and the title of her last album, it was fictionalized after her family declined to allow the producers the rights to her story. It was written by Bill Kerby, and Bo Goldman from a story by Bill Kerby, and directed by Mark Rydell.\nThe Rose was nominated for four Academy Awards including Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Film Editing and Best Sound.\nMidler performed the soundtrack album for the film, and the title track became one of her biggest hit singles in 1980.
/m/08_vwq	The Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical is awarded to the actor who was voted as the best actor in a musical play, whether a new production or a revival. The award has been given since 1948, but the nominees who did not win have only been publicly announced since 1956.
/m/02dr9j	King Kong is a 2005 epic adventure film and remake of the 1933 film of the same name. Directed, co-written and produced by Peter Jackson, the film stars Naomi Watts as Ann Darrow, Jack Black as Carl Denham, Adrien Brody as Jack Driscoll and, through motion capture, Andy Serkis as the title character. Set in 1932-1933 New York City and the nightmarish Skull Island, the film tells the story of an overly ambitious filmmaker who coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island, where they encounter King Kong, a legendary giant gorilla. Captured, he is displayed in New York City, with tragic results.\nThe film's budget climbed from an initial US$150 million to a record-breaking $207 million. The film was released on December 14, 2005, and made an opening of $50.1 million. While the film performed lower than expectations, King Kong made domestic and worldwide grosses that eventually added up to $550 million, becoming the fourth-highest grossing film in Universal Pictures history. It also generated $100 million in DVD sales upon its home video release. The film garnered generally positive reviews from film critics and appeared on several \"top ten\" lists for 2005, though some reviewers criticized it for its 3 hour, 7 minute running time. It won Academy Awards for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects.
/m/0227vl	Paris Whitney Hilton is an American socialite, actress and entertainer. She is the great-granddaughter of Conrad Hilton, the founder of Hilton Hotels. Born in New York City and raised in both Beverly Hills, California and New York, Hilton began a modeling career as a teenager when she signed with Donald Trump's modeling agency, T Management. Her hard-partying lifestyle and rumored short-lived relationships with Leonardo DiCaprio and Oscar De La Hoya led her to earn a position as a fixture in entertainment news. For her notoriety as a socialite, Hilton was hailed by the media as \"New York's leading It Girl\" in 2001.\nIn 2003, Hilton came to prominence after a sex tape with her then-boyfriend Rick Salomon was leaked. Later that year, she starred in the reality television series The Simple Life alongside Nicole Richie, which provided both women with international recognition. In the following years, she released her autobiography Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose, landed a supporting role in the horror film House of Wax, and released her debut studio album Paris. Hilton returned to reality television with Paris Hilton's My New BFF and its two spin-offs Paris Hilton's British Best Friend and Paris Hilton's Dubai BFF. She served as a voice actress in the TV movie The Dog Who Saved Christmas Vacation and appeared in the reality show The World According to Paris. She had a part in Sofia Coppola's independent film The Bling Ring.
/m/089pg7	Panic! at the Disco is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2004. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith, and currently includes bass guitarist Dallon Weekes. During live performances the band is joined by touring guitarist Kenneth Harris.\nFounded by childhood friends, Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brent Wilson and Brendon Urie, Panic! at the Disco recorded its first demos while its members were all in high school. Shortly after, the band recorded and released its debut studio album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out. Made known by the top ten lead single, \"I Write Sins Not Tragedies\", the album eventually was certified double platinum in the US. In 2006, founding bassist Brent Wilson was fired from the band during an extensive world tour, and subsequently replaced by Jon Walker.\nInfluenced by 1960s rock bands, The Beatles, The Zombies and The Beach Boys, and preceded by the hit single, \"Nine in the Afternoon\", the band's second studio album, Pretty. Odd., marked a significant departure from the sound of the band's debut, and ultimately led to the departure of guitarist and principal songwriter Ryan Ross and bassist Jon Walker, who favored the band's new direction. The duo subsequently formed a new band, The Young Veins, leaving Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith as the sole remaining members of the band.
/m/09f2j	The University of California, Los Angeles is a public research university located in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States. Founded in 1919, it is the third-oldest campus of the University of California system. UCLA is one of the two flagship universities in the UC system. It offers 337 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. With an approximate enrollment of 29,000 undergraduate and 13,000 graduate students, UCLA is the university with the largest enrollment in the state of California and the most applied to university in the world with over 105,000 applications for Fall 2014. The university has been labeled one of the Public Ivies, a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nThe university is organized into five undergraduate colleges, seven professional schools, and four professional health science schools. The undergraduate colleges are the College of Letters and Science; Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science; School of the Arts and Architecture; School of Theater, Film, and Television; and School of Nursing. Fifteen Nobel laureates, one Fields Medalist, and two Turing Award winners have been affiliated with the university as faculty, researchers, or alumni. Among the current faculty members, 52 have been elected to the National Academy of Sciences, 26 to the National Academy of Engineering, 39 to the Institute of Medicine, and 124 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. The university was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1974.
/m/02vzc	Finland, officially the Republic of Finland, is a Nordic country situated in the Fennoscandian region of Northern Europe. It is bordered by Sweden to the west, Norway to the north, Russia to the east, and Estonia to the south across the Gulf of Finland.\nAs of 2012, Finland's population was around 5.4 million, with the majority concentrated in its southern regions. In terms of area, it is the eighth largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union. Finland is a parliamentary republic with a central government based in the capital of Helsinki, local governments in 336 municipalities and an autonomous region, the Åland Islands. About one million residents live in the Greater Helsinki area, which also produces a third of the country's GDP. Other large cities include Tampere, Turku, Oulu, Jyväskylä, Lahti, and Kuopio.\nFrom the 12th until the early 19th century, Finland was part of Sweden, a legacy reflected in the prevalence of the Swedish language and its official status. It then became an autonomous Grand Duchy within the Russian Empire until the Russian Revolution, which prompted the Finnish Declaration of Independence. This was followed by a civil war where the pro-Bolshevik \"Reds\" were defeated by the pro-conservative \"Whites\" with support from the German Empire. After a brief attempt to establish a monarchy, Finland became a republic. Finland's experience of World War II involved three separate conflicts: the Winter War and Continuation War against the Soviet Union and the Lapland War against Nazi Germany. Following the end of the war, Finland joined the United Nations in 1955 and established an official policy of neutrality. Nevertheless, it remained fairly active on the world stage, joining the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 1969, the European Union in 1995, and the eurozone at its inception in 1999.
/m/05wqr1	William Sanderson is an American character actor.
/m/0yyn5	Working Girl is a 1988 romantic comedy film written by Kevin Wade and directed by Mike Nichols. It tells the inspiring story of a Staten Island-raised secretary, Tess McGill, working in the mergers and acquisitions department of a Wall Street investment bank. When her boss, Katharine Parker, breaks her leg skiing, Tess uses Parker's absence and connections, including her errant beau Jack Trainer, to put forward her own idea for a merger deal.\nThe film features a notable opening sequence following Manhattan-bound commuters on the Staten Island Ferry accompanied by Carly Simon's song \"Let the River Run\", for which she received the Academy Award for Best Song. The film was a box office hit, grossing a worldwide total of $103 million.\nGriffith was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress, while both Weaver and Joan Cusack were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. The film itself was also nominated for Best Picture at the 61st Academy Awards.
/m/07rlg	A triathlon is a multiple-stage competition involving the completion of three continuous and sequential endurance disciplines. While many variations of the sport exist, triathlon, in its most popular form, involves swimming, cycling, and running in immediate succession over various distances. Triathletes compete for fastest overall course completion time, including timed \"transitions\" between the individual swim, cycle, and run components. The word \"triathlon\" is of Greek origin from τρεις or treis and αθλος or athlos.\nTriathlon races vary in distance. According to the International Triathlon Union, and USA Triathlon, the main international race distances are:\nSprint Distance; 750 meters swim, 20 kilometers bike, 5 kilometers run\nIntermediate distance; commonly referred to as the \"Olympic distance\": 1.5 kilometers swim, 40 kilometers bike, 10 kilometers run\nLong Course; commonly referred to as 70.3 or the 'half-Ironman'; 1.9 kilometers swim, 90 kilometers bike, and a 21.1 kilometers run\nUltra Distance; commonly referred to as 140.6 or the 'Ironman'; 3.8 kilometers swim, 180.2 kilometers bike, and a full marathon: 42.2 kilometers run.
/m/0qf11	Roderick David \"Rod\" Stewart, CBE is a British rock singer-songwriter. Born and raised in London, he is of Scottish and English ancestry. Stewart is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold over 100 million records worldwide.\nIn the UK, he has had six consecutive number one albums, and his tally of 62 hit singles include 31 that reached the top 10, six of which gained the number one position. He has had 16 top ten singles in the U.S, with four reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2007, he received a CBE at Buckingham Palace for services to music.\nWith his distinctive raspy singing voice, Stewart came to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s with The Jeff Beck Group and then with the Faces. He launched his solo career in 1969 with his début album An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down. His early albums were a fusion of rock, folk music, soul music and R&B. His aggressive blues work with The Jeff Beck Group and the Faces influenced heavy metal genres. From the late 1970s through the 1990s, Stewart's music often took on a New Wave or soft rock/MOR quality, and in the early 2000s he released a series of successful albums interpreting the Great American Songbook.
/m/0jyb4	Jaws is a 1975 American thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg and based on Peter Benchley's novel of the same name. The prototypical summer blockbuster, its release is regarded as a watershed moment in motion picture history. In the story, a giant man-eating great white shark attacks beachgoers on Amity Island, a fictional summer resort town, prompting the local police chief to hunt it with the help of a marine biologist and a professional shark hunter. The film stars Roy Scheider as police chief Martin Brody, Richard Dreyfuss as oceanographer Matt Hooper, Robert Shaw as shark hunter Quint, Murray Hamilton as the mayor of Amity Island, and Lorraine Gary as Brody's wife, Ellen. The screenplay is credited to both Benchley, who wrote the first drafts, and actor-writer Carl Gottlieb, who rewrote the script during principal photography.\nShot mostly on location on Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, the film had a troubled production, going over budget and past schedule. As the art department's mechanical sharks suffered many malfunctions, Spielberg decided to mostly suggest the animal's presence, employing an ominous, minimalistic theme created by composer John Williams to indicate the shark's impending appearances. Spielberg and others have compared this suggestive approach to that of classic thriller director Alfred Hitchcock. Universal Pictures gave the film what was then an exceptionally wide release for a major studio picture, over 450 screens, accompanied by an extensive marketing campaign with a heavy emphasis on television spots and tie-in merchandise.
/m/035xwd	Sleepers is a 1996 American legal drama film written, produced, and directed by Barry Levinson, and based on Lorenzo Carcaterra's 1995 novel of the same name.
/m/0g3bw	Honshu is the largest and most populous island of Japan. The nation's main island, it is south of Hokkaido across the Tsugaru Strait, north of Shikoku across the Inland Sea, and northeast of Kyushu across the Kanmon Strait. It is the seventh largest island in the world, and the second most populous after Java.\nIt had a population of 103 million in 2005, mostly concentrated in the available lowlands, notably in the Kantō plain where 25% of the total population reside in the Greater Tokyo Area, which includes Tokyo and Yokohama, Kawasaki, Saitama and Chiba cities. Most of the nation's industry is located along the belt running from Tokyo along Honshu's southern coastal cities, including Kyoto, Osaka, Nagoya, Kobe, and Hiroshima, part of the Taiheiyo Belt.\nThe economy along the northwestern coast by the Sea of Japan is largely based on fishing and agriculture; Niigata is noted as an important producer of rice. The Kantō and Nōbi plains produce rice and vegetables. Yamanashi is a major fruit-growing area, and Aomori is famous for its apples.\nEminent historical centers include Kyoto, Nara, and Kamakura.
/m/07kb7vh	Zookeeper is a 2011 American romantic comedy film starring Kevin James and featuring the voices of Nick Nolte, Sylvester Stallone, Adam Sandler, Judd Apatow, Cher, Jon Favreau, and Faizon Love. The film contains computer animation, is produced by Sandler's production company, Happy Madison, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film was released on July 8, 2011.
/m/01r97z	Striptease is a 1996 American comedy film directed, produced, and written by Andrew Bergman. The film stars Demi Moore, Burt Reynolds, and Ving Rhames. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Carl Hiaasen; it is about a stripper who becomes involved in both a child-custody dispute and corrupt politics.\nStriptease was generally reviled by critics. It wound up winning several Golden Raspberry Awards, which are given to the worst in cinema. Among these awards given to Striptease was the Award for Worst Picture of 1996.
/m/026l37	Joseph Anthony \"Joe\" Mantegna, Jr. is an American actor, producer, writer, director, and voice actor. He is best known for his roles in box office hits such as Three Amigos, The Godfather Part III, Forget Paris, and Up Close & Personal. He currently stars in the CBS television series Criminal Minds as FBI Supervisory Special Agent David Rossi.\nMantegna has gained Emmy Award nominations for his roles in three different miniseries: The Last Don, The Rat Pack, and The Starter Wife. He has also served as executive producer for various movies and television movies, including Corduroy, Hoods, and Lakeboat which he also directed.\nFor television, Mantegna has starred in the short lived series First Monday and Joan of Arcadia. Since the 1991 episode \"Bart the Murderer,\" Mantegna has had a recurring role on the animated comedy series The Simpsons as mob boss Fat Tony, reprising the role in The Simpsons Movie. Additionally, he played Robert B. Parker's fictional detective Spenser in three made-for-TV movies between 1999 and 2001.
/m/0f6_x	James Earl Jones is an American actor who in a career of more than 50 years has become known as \"one of America's most distinguished and versatile\" actors and \"one of the greatest actors in American history.\" Since his Broadway debut in 1957, Jones has won many awards, including a Tony Award and Golden Globe Award for his role in The Great White Hope. Jones has won three Emmy Awards, including two in the same year in 1991, and he also earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role in the film version of The Great White Hope. He is also known for his voice acting, most notably as Darth Vader in the Star Wars film series and Mufasa in Disney's The Lion King, as well as many other film, stage, and television roles.\nAs a child Jones overcame a stutter that lasted for several years. A pre-med major in college, he went on to serve as a U.S. Army Ranger during the Korean War, before dedicating his career to acting.\nOn November 12, 2011, he received an Honorary Academy Award.
/m/03qcfvw	G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra is a 2009 American military science fiction action film based on the G.I. Joe toy franchise, with particular inspiration from the comic book and cartoon series G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero. The film is directed by Stephen Sommers, produced by Lorenzo di Bonaventura and co-written by Stuart Beattie, based on a 1998 screenplay by John Paul Kay. G.I. Joe features an ensemble cast based on the various characters of the franchise. The story follows two American soldiers, Duke and Ripcord, who join the G.I. Joe Team after being attacked by MARS troops.\nAfter leaked drafts of the script were criticized by fans, Larry Hama, writer of the comic, was hired as creative consultant and rewrites were made. Filming took place in Downey, California, and Prague's Barrandov Studios, and six companies handled the visual effects. The film was released on August 7, 2009, worldwide, following an extensive marketing campaign focused on the Mid-American public. The Rise of Cobra opened at the top of the box office and grossed over $302 million worldwide by the end of its run. Critical reception was mostly negative. The sequel, G.I. Joe: Retaliation, was released on March 28, 2013.
/m/0g9zjp	Jonathan Ronald \"Jon\" Walters is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Stoke City and the Republic of Ireland national team.\nWalters started his career at Blackburn Rovers but failed to break into the first team and joined Bolton Wanderers. Again he failed to establish himself and went out on loan to Hull City, Crewe Alexandra and Barnsley before joining Hull permanently. He then went on to play for Wrexham and Chester City before finally finding regular football at Championship side Ipswich Town. Walters spent three years at Ipswich before joining Stoke City for £2.75 million in August 2010. He helped Stoke reach the 2011 FA Cup Final after scoring twice in the semi-final against Bolton Wanderers as Stoke won 5–0. Walters played 54 matches during the 2011–12 season and then played in UEFA Euro 2012 with the Republic of Ireland.
/m/06_wqk4	Valentine's Day is a 2010 American ensemble romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall. The screenplay and the story were written by Katherine Fugate, Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein.\nIt is the first film to be co-produced by New Line Cinema along with sister studio, Warner Bros. All other films post-\"Valentine's Day\" would become New Line/Warner Bros. co-productions from that point forward.
/m/01yk13	John Arthur Lithgow is an American actor, musician, and author. Lithgow has been involved with a wide range of media projects, including stage, television, film, and radio. He also has written and published several books of poetry and children's literature. He appeared in the films The World According to Garp and Terms of Endearment, receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for each.\nLithgow is well known for his roles as the Reverend Shaw Moore in Footloose, Dick Solomon on the NBC sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun, the voice of Lord Farquaad in Shrek, and Arthur Mitchell on Showtime's Dexter, for which he won Golden Globe and Emmy awards. On the stage, he appeared in the musical adaptation of Sweet Smell of Success, winning the Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical. He again appeared in a musical, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, again receiving a Tony nomination for Best Leading Actor in a Musical. He has also recorded music, such as the 1999 album of children's music, Singin' in the Bathtub, and has written poetry and short stories for children, such as Marsupial Sue.
/m/02f77l	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Rock Video was first given out in 1989, and it was one of the four original genre categories added to the VMAs that year. That year, though, the award was called the Best Heavy Metal Video. From 1990 to 1995, the award was called the Best Metal/Hard Rock Video, and in 1996, the award was once again renamed Best Hard Rock Video. Finally, in 1997 the award acquired its present, more general name of Best Rock Video, as, after 1998, acts which would have previously been eligible for the Best Alternative Video award became eligible for this one. This award was not given out in 2007, as the VMAs were revamped and most original categories were eliminated. In 2008, though, MTV brought back this category, along with several of the others that were retired in 2007. Aerosmith is both the biggest winner and the biggest nominee in this category, having been nominated a record eight times for this award and winning four of these. Linkin Park and Metallica are tied as the second most-nominated acts, each having received a total of six nominations; however, Linkin Park is also the second biggest winner in this category with three wins.
/m/02v5_g	Scream 2 is a 1997 American slasher film created and written by Kevin Williamson and directed by Wes Craven, starring Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jamie Kennedy and Liev Schreiber, released on December 12, 1997 as the second installment in the Scream film series. Scream 2 takes place two years after Scream and again follows the character of Sidney Prescott, now a student at the fictional Windsor College, who becomes the target of a copycat killer using the guise of Ghostface. Sidney is accompanied by film-geek Randy Meeks, retired deputy sheriff Dewey Riley and news reporter Gale Weathers. Like its predecessor, Scream 2 combines the violence of the slasher genre with elements of comedy and \"whodunit\" mystery while satirizing the cliché of film sequels. The film was followed by two sequels, Scream 3 and Scream 4.\nWilliamson provided a five-page outline for a sequel to Scream when auctioning his original script, hoping to entice bidders with the potential of buying a franchise. Following a successful test screening of Scream and the film's financial and critical success, Dimension Films moved forward with the sequel while Scream was still in theaters, with the principal cast all returning to star, Craven to direct and Beltrami to provide music.
/m/016ksk	Percy Robert Miller, better known by his stage name Master P or his business name P. Miller, is an American rapper, actor, entrepreneur, investor and producer. He is the founder of the popular label No Limit Records, which went bankrupt and was relaunched as New No Limit Records through Universal Records & Koch Records, followed by Guttar Music Entertainment, & currently now No Limit Forever Records. He is the founder and CEO of P. Miller Enterprises, an entertainment and financial conglomerate and Better Black Television.\nMiller gained fame in the late 1990s with the success of his group TRU and his fifth album Ice Cream Man, which contained his first single \"Mr. Ice Cream Man\". In 1997, after the success of one his biggest singles to date, \"Make 'Em Say Uhh!,\" went 2x platinum, Miller grew further in popularity. Then Miller released his second platinum album Ghetto D. Miller also starred in his own street film, mostly based on his life, I'm Bout It which was very successful.\nIn 1998, P. Miller released his most successful album to date MP Da Last Don. The album was also based on a film that Miller produced, which came out earlier that year with the same name. The album hit #1 on the Billboard Top 200 charts, selling over 400,000 copies in a week. The album was certified 4x platinum, with over four million copies sold, making it Miller's highest selling album. In 1999, Miller released his eighth album, Only God Can Judge Me. It was not as successful as his previous album, though it still managed to reach a gold certification. Miller also starred in the movie, I Got the Hook Up, with A.J. Johnson which was a huge success along with the soundtrack of the same name. On November 28, 2000, he released his ninth album, Ghetto Postage with found success selling 500,000 copies, but it did not compare to his earlier more successful releases.
/m/01xdxy	Toy Story 2 is a 1999 American computer-animated comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Ash Brannon, it is the sequel to the 1995 film Toy Story.\nWoody is stolen by a toy collector, prompting Buzz Lightyear and his friends to vow to rescue him. However, Woody finds the idea of immortality in a museum tempting. Many of the original characters and voices from Toy Story returned for this sequel, and several new characters, including Jessie, Barbie, and Mrs. Potato Head, were introduced.\nDisney initially envisioned the film as a direct-to-video sequel. Toy Story 2 began production in a building separated from Pixar, on a small scale, as most of the main Pixar staff were busy working on A Bug's Life. When story reels proved promising, Disney upgraded the film to theatrical release, but Pixar was unhappy with the film's quality. Lasseter and the story team redeveloped the entire plot in one weekend. Although most Pixar features take years to develop, the established release date could not be moved and the production schedule for Toy Story 2 was compressed into nine months.
/m/02c_4	The Detroit Lions are a professional American football team based in Detroit, Michigan. They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League, and play their home games at Ford Field in Downtown Detroit.\nOriginally based in Portsmouth, Ohio and called the Portsmouth Spartans, the team began play in 1929 as an independent professional team, one of many such teams in the Ohio and Scioto River valleys. For the 1930 season, the Spartans formally joined the NFL as the other area independents folded because of the Great Depression. Despite success within the NFL, they could not survive in Portsmouth, then the NFL's smallest city. The team was purchased and moved to Detroit for the 1934 season.\nThe Lions have won four NFL Championships, tied for 9th overall in total championships amongst all 32 NFL franchises; although the last was in 1957, which gives the club the second-longest NFL championship drought behind the Arizona Cardinals. The Lions are the only franchise to have gone winless since the move to sixteen season games in 1978, going 0–16 during the 2008 NFL season. They are also one of four current teams to have never played in the Super Bowl.
/m/0gt_k	Phillip Harvey \"Phil\" Spector is an American record producer, songwriter, and the originator of the \"Wall of Sound\" production method. In later years, he gained infamy as the subject of a murder conviction.\nSpector was a pioneer of the 1960s girl-group sound, and produced more than twenty-five Top 40 hits from 1960 to 1965, at the height of his career, writing or co-writing many of them. Among his famous girl groups were the Ronettes and the Crystals. Spector later worked with artists including Ike and Tina Turner, John Lennon and the Ramones with similar acclaim. He produced the Beatles' album Let It Be, and the Grammy Award-winning Concert for Bangladesh by former Beatle George Harrison.\nFor his contributions to the music industry, Spector was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a nonperformer. In 1997, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. In 2004, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him #63 on their list of the \"Greatest Artists of All Time\". The 1965 song \"You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'\", produced and co-written by Spector for the Righteous Brothers, is listed by BMI as the song with the most U.S. airplay in the 20th century.
/m/0rqyx	Clearwater is a city located in Pinellas County, Florida, United States, nearly due west of Tampa and northwest of St. Petersburg. To the west of Clearwater lies the Gulf of Mexico and to the east lies Tampa Bay. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 107,685. It is the county seat of Pinellas County. Clearwater is the smallest of the three principal cities in the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater metropolitan area, most commonly referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. According to the Guinness Book of World Records Clearwater holds the record for most days of sunshine with 361 days.\nThe city is an active center for Scientologists. Cleveland Street is one of the city's historic avenues and the city includes Bright House Field and Coachman Park. The city is separated by the Intracoastal Waterway from Clearwater Beach.
/m/01vvycq	Prince Rogers Nelson, known by his mononym Prince, is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and actor. He has produced ten platinum albums and thirty Top 40 singles during his career. He has written several hundred songs and produces and records his own music for his own music label. In addition, he has promoted the careers of Sheila E., Carmen Electra, the Time and Vanity 6, and his songs have been recorded by these artists and others, including Chaka Khan, The Bangles, Sinéad O'Connor, and Kim Basinger.\nBorn in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Prince developed an interest in music at an early age, writing his first song at age seven. After recording songs with his cousin's band 94 East, seventeen-year-old Prince recorded several unsuccessful demo tapes before releasing his debut album, For You, in 1978. His 1979 album, Prince, went platinum due to the success of the singles \"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?\" and \"I Wanna Be Your Lover\". His next three records, Dirty Mind, Controversy, and 1999 continued his success, showcasing Prince's trademark of prominently sexual lyrics and incorporation of elements of funk, dance and rock music. In 1984, he began referring to his backup band as the Revolution and released the album Purple Rain, which served as the soundtrack to his film debut of the same name.
/m/0g9wdmc	The Iron Lady is a 2011 British biographical film based on the life of Margaret Thatcher, the longest-serving Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of the 20th century. The film was directed by Phyllida Lloyd. Thatcher is portrayed primarily by Meryl Streep, and, in her formative and early political years, by Alexandra Roach. Thatcher's husband, Denis Thatcher, is portrayed by Jim Broadbent, and by Harry Lloyd as the younger Denis. Thatcher's longest-serving cabinet member and eventual deputy, Geoffrey Howe, is portrayed by Anthony Head.\nWhile the film was met with mixed reviews, Streep's performance was widely acclaimed, and considered to be one of the finest of her career. She received her 17th Best Actress Oscar nomination for her portrayal and ultimately won the award, 29 years after her first win. She also earned her third Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama award, and her second BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
/m/023rwm	Roadrunner Records is an American record label that concentrates primarily on metal bands. It is a subsidiary of Warner Music Group. It is based in New York.
/m/0d68qy	30 Rock is an American satirical television sitcom that ran on NBC from October 11, 2006, to January 31, 2013, and was created by Tina Fey. The series, which is loosely based on Fey's experiences as head writer for Saturday Night Live, takes place behind the scenes of a fictional live sketch comedy series depicted as airing on NBC. The series' name refers to 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, the address of the GE Building, in which the NBC Studios are located. This series is produced by Broadway Video and Little Stranger, Inc., in association with NBCUniversal.\n30 Rock episodes were produced in a single-camera setup, and were filmed in New York. The pilot episode premiered on October 11, 2006, and seven full seasons followed. The series stars Fey with a supporting cast that includes Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander, Katrina Bowden, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, and Maulik Pancholy.\n30 Rock was a runaway critical success, winning several major awards, and achieving the esteemed top ranking on a myriad critics' year-end best of 2006 and 2007 lists. On July 14, 2009, the series was nominated for 22 Primetime Emmy Awards, the most in a single year for a comedy series. Over the course of the series, it was nominated for 112 Emmy awards and won 16, in addition to numerous other nominations and wins from other awards shows. Despite the acclaim, the series struggled in the ratings throughout its run, something which Fey herself has made light of.
/m/01mgw	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a 2000 wuxia film. An American-Chinese-Hong Kong-Taiwanese co-production, the film was directed by Ang Lee and featured an international cast of ethnic Chinese actors, including Chow Yun-Fat, Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi, and Chang Chen. The film was based on the fourth novel in a pentalogy, known in China as the Crane Iron Pentalogy, by wuxia novelist Wang Dulu. The martial arts and action sequences were choreographed by Yuen Wo Ping.\nMade on a mere US$17 million budget, with dialogue in Mandarin, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon became a surprise international success, grossing $213.5 million. It grossed US$128 million in the United States, becoming the highest-grossing foreign-language film in American history. It has won over 40 awards. The film won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and three other Academy Awards, and was nominated for six other Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The film also won four BAFTAs and two Golden Globe Awards, one for Best Foreign Film. Along with its awards success, Crouching Tiger continues to be hailed as one of the greatest and most influential foreign language films in the United States, especially coming out of China. It has been praised for its martial arts sequences, story, and cinematography.
/m/0x25q	The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 American science fiction action film and the second instalment in The Matrix trilogy, written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers. It premiered on May 7, 2003, in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, and went on general release by Warner Bros. in North American theaters on May 15, 2003, and around the world during the latter half of that month. It was also screened out of competition at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival. The video game Enter the Matrix, which was released on May 15, and a collection of nine animated shorts, The Animatrix, which was released on June 3, supported and expanded the storyline of the movie. The Matrix Revolutions, which completes the story, was released six months after Reloaded, in November 2003.
/m/05b_7n	Jeremy Merton Sisto is an American actor. Sisto has had recurring roles as Billy Chenowith on the HBO series Six Feet Under and Detective Cyrus Lupo on Law & Order on television and also starred in the films Jesus, Clueless and Thirteen. He currently stars in the ABC sitcom Suburgatory.
/m/06z6r	Swimming is a water based sport governed by the Fédération Internationale de Natation.
/m/02d42t	Samantha Jane Morton is an English actress and film director. She began her performing career with guest roles in television shows such as Soldier Soldier, Cracker and Boon. She played Hattie in Sweet and Lowdown, for which she received attention from Hollywood, critical acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.\nMorton subsequently starred in Minority Report and Morvern Callar. She received her second Academy Award nomination for her performance as the young Irish mother, Sarah, coping with life in New York City in In America. Morton starred in Enduring Love and The Libertine and Lassie. She won a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Television Film for her role as Myra Hindley in Longford. She appeared in the biographical films Control, Elizabeth: The Golden Age and Mister Lonely. She then starred in Synecdoche, New York. Morton appeared in the critically acclaimed The Messenger. She made her directorial debut in the British television film The Unloved.
/m/02ywhz	The 71st Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored films released in 1998 and took place on March 21, 1999, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the third time. She first hosted the 66th ceremony held in 1994, and last hosted the 68th ceremony in 1996. Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on February 27, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Anne Heche.\nShakespeare in Love won seven awards including Best Picture. Other winners included Saving Private Ryan with five awards, Life Is Beautiful with three, and Affliction, Bunny, Election Night, Elizabeth, Gods and Monsters, The Last Days, The Personals, The Prince of Egypt, and What Dreams May Come with one. The telecast garnered nearly 46 million viewers in the United States.
/m/0789_m	The Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, to actors for quality leading roles in a Broadway play. The awards are named after Antoinette Perry, an American actress who died in 1946. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the Tony Award Productions, a joint venture of The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing, to \"honor the best performances and stage productions of the previous year.\" Despite the award first being presented in 1947, there were no nominees announced until 1956.
/m/0cymp	Westchester County, locally known as Westchester, is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. Westchester covers an area of 450 square miles and has a population of 949,113 according to the 2010 Census, containing 45 municipalities. The county, established in 1683, was named after the city of Chester in England. The county seat of Westchester is the city of White Plains.\nThe county's location puts New York City and the Long Island Sound to its south, Putnam County to its north, Fairfield County, Connecticut to its east, and Rockland County as well as New Jersey to the west across the Hudson River. Westchester became the first suburban area of its scale in world to develop. Its significance as a suburb derived mostly from the upper-middle class development of entire communities in the late 19th century, and the rapid population growth that occurred as a result.\nAccording to 2011 U.S. Census Bureau data, the per-capita income in the county was $47,814 and the median income for a household in the county was $77,006. In terms of household income, Westchester County is the fifth-wealthiest county in New York and is the forty-seventh wealthiest county nationally. Westchester County ranks second after New York County in terms of highest median income per person, with a higher concentration of incomes in smaller households.
/m/038981	The 2004 NBA draft was held on June 24, 2004 at The Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York and was broadcast live on ESPN at 7:00 pm. In this draft, National Basketball Association teams took turns selecting amateur college basketball players and other first-time eligible players. The NBA announced that 56 college and high school players and 38 international players had filed as early-entry candidates for the 2004 draft. On May 26, the NBA draft lottery was conducted for the teams who did not make the NBA Playoffs in the 2003-04 NBA season. The Orlando Magic, who had a 25 percent chance of obtaining the first selection, won the lottery, while the Los Angeles Clippers and the Chicago Bulls were second and third respectively. As an expansion team, the Charlotte Bobcats had been assigned the fourth selection in the draft and did not participate in the lottery. The Minnesota Timberwolves forfeited their first-round pick due to salary cap violations.\nAfter the completion of the regular season, Emeka Okafor, the Bobcats' historical first rookie draft pick, was named Rookie of the Year, while Ben Gordon earned the Sixth Man Award, becoming the first rookie in NBA history to do so.
/m/04grkmd	Taking Woodstock is a 2009 American comedy-drama film about the Woodstock Festival of 1969, directed by Ang Lee. The screenplay by James Schamus is based on the memoir Taking Woodstock: A True Story of a Riot, a Concert, and a Life by Elliot Tiber and Tom Monte.\nThe film premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, and opened in New York and Los Angeles on August 26, 2009, before its wide theatrical release two days later.
/m/03fnmd	Football Club Utrecht is a Dutch football club founded on 1 July 1970 and based in the city of Utrecht. The club's colours are red and white.
/m/01t_wfl	Peter Edward Cook was an English actor, satirist, writer and comedian.\nAn extremely influential figure in modern British comedy, he is regarded as the leading light of the British satire boom of the 1960s. Cook was closely associated with anti-establishment comedy that emerged in Britain and the United States in the late 1950s.
/m/031v3p	William B. Davis is an actor and theatre director.
/m/02h4rq6	A Bachelor of Science is a graduate academic degree awarded for completed courses that generally last three to five years.\nWhether a subject is considered a science or an art, can vary between universities. For example, an economics degree may be given as a Bachelor of Arts by one university but as a B.Sc. by another. Biology, biochemistry, mathematics, physics, chemistry, social science, sport/exercise science, general science, earth science, computer science and the various fields of engineering are almost universally considered to be sciences.\nEven in cases of near-unilateral consensus across a country as to whether a subject is a science or an art, there are exceptions. Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service awards Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service degrees to all of its undergraduates, although many of them major in humanities-oriented fields such as international history and culture and politics. The London School of Economics offers B.Sc. degrees in practically all subject areas, even those normally associated with arts degrees, while the Oxbridge universities almost exclusively award arts qualifications. In both instances, there are historical and traditional reasons. Northwestern University's School of Communication grants B.Sc. degrees in all of its programs of study, including theater, dance, and radio/television/film.
/m/0182r9	Sheffield Wednesday Football Club is a football club based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, who are competing in the Football League Championship, the second tier of the English Football League System. Sheffield Wednesday are one of the oldest professional clubs in the world and the third oldest in the English league. They won the second football competition ever held, the Cromwell Cup, which remains in their possession. The Wednesday, as they were named until 1929, were founding members of The Football Alliance in 1889, and its first champions that inaugural season. The Wednesday joined The Football League three years later when the leagues merged. Sheffield Wednesday were also one of the founding members of The Premier League in 1992.\nTheir main rivals are Sheffield United, the two clubs having contested the Steel City derby on a regular basis for some 100 years. Barnsley, Leeds United, Rotherham United, Chesterfield and Doncaster Rovers are also local rivals. Since joining the Football League in 1892 under the name of The Wednesday Football Club, the club has spent the majority of its history in the top flight of English football. However, as of 2014 Sheffield Wednesday have not played in the top flight since their relegation in 2000. They have won four League titles, three FA Cups and one League Cup, but their League Cup triumph in 1991 is their only major trophy since 1935. They did reach both domestic cup finals in 1993, but lost 2–1 to Arsenal at Wembley on both occasions. They also lost the 1966 FA Cup final to Everton 3–2, having led 2–0.
/m/03jht	Hermann Hesse was a German poet, novelist, and painter. His best-known works include Steppenwolf, Siddhartha, and The Glass Bead Game, each of which explores an individual's search for authenticity, self-knowledge and spirituality. In 1946, he received the Nobel Prize in Literature.
/m/06t6dz	Hustle & Flow is a 2005 American independent drama film written and directed by Craig Brewer and produced by John Singleton and Stephanie Allain. It was released on July 22, 2005. Terrence Howard stars as a Memphis hustler and pimp who faces his aspiration to become a rapper. The movie was dedicated to Sun Records founder Sam Phillips.\nThe film won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for Three 6 Mafia's \"It's Hard out Here for a Pimp.\" Howard was nominated for Best Actor.
/m/02q87z6	The Village is a 2004 American psychological thriller film, written, produced, and directed by M. Night Shyamalan about an end-of-the-19th-century village whose inhabitants live in fear of creatures inhabiting the woods beyond it. The movie was shot in a re-creation of a 19th-century village outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, following Shyamalan's penchant for staging his films near his hometown. The movie met with mixed reviews. The film gave composer James Newton Howard his fourth Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score.
/m/0dbpwb	The Jujamcyn Theaters, formerly the Jujamcyn Amusement Corporation, is a theatrical producing and theatre-ownership company in New York City. For many years Jujamcyn was owned by James H. Binger, former Chairman of Honeywell, and his wife Virginia McKnight Binger. The organization is now owned by its President, Jordan Roth, and President Emeritus, Rocco Landesman.\nThe third-largest theatre owner on Broadway, behind the Shubert Organization and the Nederlander Organization, Jujamcyn owns five of the 40 Broadway district playhouses, but has created a much-envied business model that has, at times, accounted for as much as one-third of the gross revenues on Broadway. This business model has involved the combination of real estate – Broadway theatre ownership – and producing –active development of new shows and scripts. Jujamcyn has had some notable successes with this model, which has prompted other theatre operators to emulate this approach, to varying degrees.
/m/015np0	Sir Ralph David Richardson was an English actor who, along with his contemporaries John Gielgud and Laurence Olivier, dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century. He worked in films throughout most of his career, and played more than sixty cinema roles. From an artistic but not theatrical background, Richardson had no thought of a stage career until a production of Hamlet in Brighton inspired him to become an actor. He learned his craft in the 1920s with a touring company and later the Birmingham Repertory Theatre. In 1931 he joined the Old Vic, playing mostly Shakespearean roles. He led the company the following season, succeeding Gielgud, who had taught him much about stage technique. After he left the company, a series of leading roles took him to stardom in the West End and on Broadway.\nIn the 1940s, together with Olivier and John Burrell, Richardson was the co-director of the Old Vic company. There his most celebrated roles included Peer Gynt and Falstaff. He and Olivier led the company to Europe and Broadway in 1945 and 1946, before their success provoked resentment among the governing board of the Old Vic, leading to their dismissal from the company in 1947. In the 1950s, in the West End and occasionally on tour, Richardson played in modern and classic works including The Heiress, Home at Seven and Three Sisters. He continued on stage and in films until shortly before his sudden death, at the age of eighty. He was celebrated in later years for his work with Peter Hall's National Theatre and his frequent stage partnership with Gielgud. He was not known for his portrayal of the great tragic roles in the classics, preferring character parts in old and new plays.
/m/0gs96	The Academy Award for Best Costume Design is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for achievement in film costume design.\nThe award was first given for films made in 1948. Initially, separate award categories were established for black-and-white films and color films. Since the merger of the two categories in 1967, the Academy has traditionally avoided giving out the award to contemporary films.
/m/02pt7h_	Jerry 'Wonder' Duplessis is a Grammy Award winning Haitian-born musical composer and record producer. His first major success was as producer for The Fugees' 1996 album The Score. He also played the bass guitar with The Fugees, and band member Wyclef Jean is his cousin.
/m/0bz3jx	Paris, je t'aime is a 2006 anthology film starring an ensemble cast of actors of various nationalities. The two-hour film consists of eighteen short films set in different arrondissements. The 22 directors include Gurinder Chadha, Sylvain Chomet, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gérard Depardieu, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Nobuhiro Suwa, Alexander Payne, Tom Tykwer, Walter Salles, Yolande Moreau and Gus Van Sant.
/m/0jtdp	Documentary films constitute a broad category of nonfictional motion pictures intended to document some aspect of reality, primarily for the purposes of instruction or maintaining a historical record. A 'documentary film' was originally shot on film stock — the only medium available — but now includes video and digital productions that can be either direct-to-video, made as a television program or released for screening in cinemas. \"Documentary\" has been described as a \"filmmaking practice, a cinematic tradition, and mode of audience reception\" that is continually evolving and is without clear boundaries.
/m/02x4wb	The Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance is an award presented at the Grammy Awards to recording artists for works containing quality performances in the heavy metal music genre. The Grammy Awards is an annual ceremony, where honors in several categories are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\". It was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards.\nThe NARAS recognized heavy metal music artists for the first time at the 31st Grammy Awards. The category was originally presented as Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental, combining two of the most popular music genres of the 1980s. Jethro Tull won that award for the album Crest of a Knave, beating Metallica, which were expected to win with the album ...And Justice for All. This choice led to widespread criticism of the NARAS, as journalists suggested that the music of Jethro Tull did not belong in the hard rock or heavy metal genres. In response, the NARAS created the categories Best Hard Rock Performance and Best Metal Performance, separating the genres.
/m/020xn5	An illustrator is an artist who specializes in enhancing writing or elucidating concepts by providing a visual representation that corresponds to the content of the associated text or idea. The illustration may be intended to clarify complicated concepts or objects that are difficult to describe textually, which is the reason illustrations are often found in children's books.\nIllustrations have been used in advertisements, greeting cards, posters, books, graphic novels, storyboards, manuel, business, magazines, shirts greeting cards, video games and newspapers etc.. A cartoon illustration can add humor to stories or essays.{cn|date=December 2013}
/m/02rh1dz	In the context of film and television production, a visual effects art director is responsible for conceptualizing and designing visual effects shots. They are charged with making creative and aesthetic choices for visual effects. Although the role is generally more creative in nature, most directors have a technical background.
/m/0p8jf	Michael Chabon is an American author and \"one of the most celebrated writers of his generation,\" according to The Virginia Quarterly Review.\nChabon's first novel, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, was published when he was 25 and catapulted him to literary celebrity. He followed it with a second novel, Wonder Boys, and two short-story collections. In 2000, Chabon published The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay, a critically acclaimed novel that John Leonard, in a 2007 review of a later novel, called Chabon's magnum opus. It received the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2001.\nHis novel The Yiddish Policemen's Union, an alternate history mystery novel, was published in 2007 to enthusiastic reviews and won the Hugo, Sidewise, Nebula and Ignotus awards; his serialized novel Gentlemen of the Road appeared in book form in the fall of that same year. Chabon's most recent novel, Telegraph Avenue, published in 2012 and billed as \"a twenty-first century Middlemarch\", concerns the tangled lives of two families in the Bay Area of San Francisco in the year 2004.\nHis work is characterized by complex language, the frequent use of metaphor along with recurring themes, including nostalgia, divorce, abandonment, fatherhood, and most notably issues of Jewish identity. He often includes gay, bisexual, and Jewish characters in his work. Since the late 1990s, Chabon has written in an increasingly diverse series of styles for varied outlets; he is a notable defender of the merits of genre fiction and plot-driven fiction, and, along with novels, he has published screenplays, children's books, comics, and newspaper serials.
/m/01_x6v	Randolph Severn \"Trey\" Parker III is an American actor, animator, screenwriter, director, producer, comedian, and recording artist. He is best known for being the co-creator of South Park along with his creative partner and best friend Matt Stone, as well as co-writing and co-directing the 2011 musical The Book of Mormon, which won seven Tony Awards, include the award for Best Musical.\nParker started his film career in 1989 when he created the film Giant Beavers of Southern Sri Lanka. In 1992 he and Matt Stone made a holiday short titled Jesus vs. Frosty, which was an early forerunner of South Park. His first success came from Cannibal! The Musical. From there he made another short titled Jesus vs. Santa, which led him and college friend Stone to create South Park, which first aired in 1997. He has won five Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on South Park, winning one award for Outstanding Animated Program and four for Outstanding Animated Program.
/m/03k9fj	Adventure films are a genre of film. Unlike action films, they often use their action scenes preferably to display and explore exotic locations in an energetic way.\nThe subgenres of adventure films include, swashbuckler film, disaster films, and historical dramas - which is similar to the epic film genre. Main plot elements include quests for lost continents, a jungle and/or desert settings, characters going on a treasure hunts and heroic journeys for the unknown. Adventure films are mostly set in a period background and may include adapted stories of historical or fictional adventure heroes within the historical context. Kings, battles, rebellion or piracy are commonly seen in adventure films. Adventure films may also be combined with other movie genres such as, science fiction, fantasy and sometimes war films.
/m/087vnr5	The Other Guys is a 2010 action comedy film directed and co-written by Adam McKay, starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg, and featuring Dwayne Johnson, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Keaton, Eva Mendes, Steve Coogan, and Ray Stevenson.\nThis film is the fourth collaboration between Ferrell and McKay, following Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, and Step Brothers, and the only one not to be co-written by Ferrell.
/m/01b8w_	Hammersmith is a district in west London, England, in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, approximately five miles west of Charing Cross on the north bank of the River Thames. One of west London's key transport hubs and commercial and employment centres, and home to several multinational company offices, it is focused on the two London Underground stations, bus station and road network node at Hammersmith Broadway.\nIt is bordered by Shepherds Bush to the north, Kensington to the east, Fulham to the south and Chiswick to the west, and is linked by Hammersmith Bridge to Barnes in the southwest.\nIt has for some decades been the main centre of London's Polish minority.
/m/03qlv7	The tenor saxophone is a medium-sized member of the saxophone family, a group of instruments invented by Adolphe Sax in the 1840s. The tenor is one of the two most common types of saxophones, along with the alto. The tenor is pitched in the key of B♭, and written as a transposing instrument in the treble clef, sounding an octave and a major second lower than the written pitch. Modern tenor saxophones which have a high F# key have a range from A♭2 to E5 and are therefore pitched one octave below the soprano saxophone. People who play the tenor saxophone are known as \"tenor saxophonists\" or \"tenor sax players\".\nThe tenor saxophone uses a larger mouthpiece, reed, and ligature than the alto and soprano saxophones. Visually, it is easily distinguished by the bend in its neck, or its crook, near the mouthpiece.\nThe tenor saxophone is used in many different types of ensembles, including concert bands, chamber ensembles, big band jazz ensembles, small jazz ensembles, and marching bands. It is occasionally included in pieces written for symphony orchestra; three examples of this are Ravel's Boléro, Prokofiev's suite from Lieutenant Kijé,and Webern's Quartet for violin, clarinet, tenor saxophone, and piano. In concert bands, the tenor plays mostly a supporting role, sometimes sharing parts with the euphonium, horn and trombone. In jazz ensembles, the tenor plays a more prominent role, often sharing parts or harmonies with the alto saxophone.
/m/06n90	Science fiction is a genre of fiction dealing with imaginative content such as futuristic settings, futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of futuristic scientific innovations, thus making it a \"literature of ideas\". Science fiction has commonly been used by authors as a means to discuss philosophical questions related to identity, desire, morality, social structure.
/m/02hv44_	A playwright, also known as a dramatist, is a person who writes dramatic literature or drama. These works may be written specifically to be performed by actors, or they may be closet dramas - simple literary works - written using dramatic forms, but not meant for performance.
/m/06l7jj	Sweden women's national football team are a football team officially representing Sweden in women's football. They won the unofficial European Championships in 1984, a success the team has not managed to repeat, it has however won one World Cup-silver as well as three European Cup-silvers. The team has participated in three Olympic Games, four World Cups, as well as seven European Cups. Sweden won the bronze medal at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.\nThe 2003 World Cup-final was the second most watched event in Sweden that year. The top goal scorer in team history is Hanna Ljungberg with 72 goals. The player with the most caps is Therese Sjögran, with 184. The team was coached by Thomas Dennerby from 2005 to 2012, and the current trainer is Pia Sundhage, who joined in September '12 after most recently winning the Olympic gold medal in London with the United States. Sundhage's contract goes into effect in December 2012.\nAfter winning the 2 qualifying matches against Denmark for the Beijing 2008 Olympics, the Swedish Olympic Committee approved of record increases in investments for the women's team. The new budget granted over a million SEK for the team and 150,000 SEK per player for developing physical fitness. The new grants are almost a 100% increase of the 2005 and 2006 season funds.
/m/02x0fs9	Lars and the Real Girl is a 2007 American-Canadian comedy-drama film written by Nancy Oliver and directed by Craig Gillespie. It stars Ryan Gosling, Emily Mortimer, Paul Schneider, Kelli Garner and Patricia Clarkson. The film follows Lars, a sweet yet quirky, socially inept young man, who develops a romantic relationship with an anatomically correct sex doll, a \"RealDoll\" named Bianca, and the story of how his older brother, his brother's wife, and the rest of the small town grow to accept and welcome Bianca into the community for Lars' sake, not realizing that she would touch all of their lives in such a profound way.\nDespite not earning back its initial budget in theatrical release, Lars and the Real Girl was critically acclaimed. It earned an Academy Award nomination for \"Best Writing\", while Gosling received a Golden Globe Award nomination for \"Best Actor in a Motion Picture Comedy\" and a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for \"Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role\".
/m/04ld32	The University of Minnesota Law School, located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, is a professional school of the University of Minnesota. The school offers a Juris Doctor, Masters of Law for Foreign Lawyers, and joint degrees with J.D./M.B.A., J.D./M.P.A, J.D./M.A., J.D./M.S., J.D./Ph.D., J.D./M.D., J.D./M.P.P., J.D./M.B.S., J.D./M.P., J.D./M.B.T., J.D./M.U.R.P., and J.D./M.P.H.\nFounded in 1888, the Law School is consistently ranked among the top 20 law schools in the nation, with the current rank of 19th in the U.S. News & World Report \"Best Law Schools\" rankings and 18th in the U.S. News & World Report \"Law Firm Recruiters Rank Best Law Schools\" rankings; tied with UCLA and USC.\nWith 847 students, the Law School maintains a 10.9:1 student-to-faculty ratio. Admission is highly competitive; for the class entering in the fall of 2012, 747 out of 3,225 J.D. applicants were offered admission, with 205 matriculating. The 25th and 75th LSAT percentiles for the 2012 entering class were 158 and 168, respectively, with a median of 167. The 25th and 75th undergraduate GPA percentiles were 3.36 and 3.89, respectively, with a median of 3.80. The five-year average bar exam passage rate was 96.91%, one of the highest in the country. Tuition and fees are $34,817 for residents, and $43,385 for non-residents. The cost of attendance for non-residents is over $10,000 less per year than the similarly ranked Los Angeles schools, USC and UCLA.
/m/01lhf	Communication is the activity of conveying information through the exchange of thoughts, messages, or information, as by speech, visuals, signals, writing, or behavior. It is the meaningful exchange of information between two or more living creatures.\nOne definition of communication is “any act by which one person gives to or receives from another person information about that person's needs, desires, perceptions, knowledge, or affective states. Communication may be intentional or unintentional, may involve conventional or unconventional signals, may take linguistic or non-linguistic forms, and may occur through spoken or other modes.”\nCommunication requires a sender, a message, and a recipient, although the receiver does not have to be present or aware of the sender's intent to communicate at the time of communication; thus communication can occur across vast distances in time and space. Communication requires that the communicating parties share an area of communicative commonality. The communication process is complete once the receiver understands the sender's message.\nCommunicating with others involves three primary steps:
/m/0466p0j	The 51st Annual Grammy Awards took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, on February 8, 2009. Robert Plant and Alison Krauss were the biggest winners of the night, jointly winning five awards including Album of the Year and Record of the Year. Krauss became the sixth female solo artist to have won five Grammys in one evening, following Lauryn Hill, Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Beyoncé Knowles, and Amy Winehouse. Lil Wayne received the most nominations with eight.\nThe awards broadcast won a 2009 Creative Arts Emmy for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Variety or Music Series or Special.
/m/0135xb	Joe Jackson is an English musician and singer-songwriter now living in Berlin, whose five Grammy Award nominations span from 1979 to 2001. He is probably best known for the 1978 hit song and first single \"Is She Really Going Out with Him?\", which still gets extensive US FM radio airplay; for his 1982 Top 10 hit, \"Steppin' Out\"; and for his 1984 success with \"You Can't Get What You Want\". He was popular for his pop/rock and New Wave music early on before moving to more eclectic, though less commercially successful, pop/jazz/classical hybrids.
/m/021bmf	The Jew's harp, aka jaw harp, aka mouth harp, aka Ozark harp, aka trump, aka juice harp, is a lamellophone instrument, which is in the category of plucked idiophones: it consists of a flexible metal or bamboo tongue or reed attached to a frame. The tongue/reed is placed in the performer's mouth and plucked with the finger to produce a note.
/m/03xpsrx	John Joseph Corbett, Jr. is an American actor and country music singer. He is best known for playing Chris Stevens on Northern Exposure from 1990 to 1995; and Aidan, Carrie Bradshaw's boyfriend, on Sex and the City—a role which he reprised for the series movie sequel Sex and the City 2. He also played the leading male role opposite Nia Vardalos in Vardalos's hit film, My Big Fat Greek Wedding. He starred in United States of Tara as Max Gregson, and has appeared on NBC dramedy Parenthood as Seth Holt. Aside from acting, Corbett has released two country albums.
/m/0gkg6	David Scott \"Dave\" Mustaine is an American musician, best known as the founding guitarist/vocalist of the American thrash metal band Megadeth, and as the original lead guitarist for the American heavy metal band Metallica. Mustaine is considered to be one of the most influential heavy metal guitarists of all time.
/m/016sp_	Dwight David Yoakam is an American singer-songwriter, actor and film director, most famous for his pioneering country music. Popular since the early 1980s, he has recorded more than 21 albums and compilations, charted more than 30 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and sold more than 25 million records. Yoakam has recorded 5 Billboard #1 Albums, 12 Gold Albums, and 9 Platinum Albums, including the Triple Platinum This Time. In addition to his many achievements in the performing arts, Yoakam is also the most frequent musical guest in the history of The Tonight Show.
/m/03f0fp	In certain sports, such as football, field hockey, ice hockey, handball, rugby union, lacrosse and rugby league, the term winger is the name of a position. It refers to positions on the extreme left and right sides of the pitch. In American football and Canadian football, the analogous position is the wide receiver. Wingers often try to use pace to exploit extra space available on the flanks that can be made available by their team-mates dominating the centre ground. They must be wary however of not crossing the touchline and going out of play. In sports where the main method of scoring involves attacking a small goal in the centre of the field, a common tactic is to cross the ball to a central team-mate.
/m/0fpjd_g	Armando Anthony \"Chick\" Corea is an American jazz and fusion pianist, keyboardist, and composer.\nMany of his compositions are considered jazz standards. As a member of Miles Davis' band in the 1960s, he participated in the birth of the electric jazz fusion movement. In the 1970s he formed Return to Forever. Along with Herbie Hancock, McCoy Tyner and Keith Jarrett, he has been described as one of the major jazz piano voices to emerge in the post-John Coltrane era.\nCorea continued to pursue other collaborations and to explore various musical styles throughout the 1980s and 1990s. He is also known for promoting and fundraising for a number of social issues, such as eradicating social illiteracy.
/m/05489	The Mafia is a criminal syndicate in Sicily, Italy. It is a loose association of criminal groups that share a common organizational structure and code of conduct, and whose common enterprise is protection racketeering. Each group, known as a \"family\", \"clan\", or \"cosca\", claims sovereignty over a territory, usually a town or village or a neighbourhood of a larger city, in which it operates its rackets. Its members call themselves \"men of honour\", although the public often refers to them as \"mafiosi\".\nAccording to the classic definition, the Mafia is a criminal organization originating in Sicily. However, the term \"mafia\" has become a generic term for any organized criminal network with similar structure, methods, and interests.\nThe Mafia proper frequently parallels, collaborates with or clashes with, networks originating in other parts of southern Italy, such as the Camorra, the 'Ndrangheta, the Stidda and the Sacra Corona Unita. Giovanni Falcone, the anti-Mafia judge murdered by the Mafia in 1992, however, objected to the conflation of the term \"Mafia\" with organized crime in general:
/m/02w_6xj	This is the complete list of the winners of the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Director given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.
/m/0bt4g	Back to the Future is a 1985 American science fiction comedy film. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis, written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale, produced by Steven Spielberg, and stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover and Thomas F. Wilson. Fox plays Marty McFly, a teenager who is accidentally sent back in time to 1955. He meets his future parents in high school and accidentally attracts his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by causing his parents-to-be to fall in love, and with the help of scientist Dr. Emmett \"Doc\" Brown, he must find a way to return to 1985.\nZemeckis and Gale wrote the script after Gale mused upon whether he would have befriended his father if they attended school together. Various film studios rejected the script until the financial success of Zemeckis' Romancing the Stone. Zemeckis approached Spielberg and the project was planned to be financed and released through Universal Pictures. The first choice for the role of Marty McFly was Michael J. Fox. He was busy filming his TV series Family Ties and the show's producers would not allow him to star in the film. Consequently, Eric Stoltz was cast in the role. During filming, Stoltz and the filmmakers decided that he was miscast, and Fox was approached for the part. Now with more flexibility in his schedule and the blessing of his show's producers, Fox managed to work out a timetable in which he could give enough time and commitment to both.
/m/01_p6t	Antonia \"Toni\" Collette is an Australian actress and musician, known for her acting work on stage, television and film as well as a secondary career as the lead singer of the band Toni Collette & the Finish.\nCollette's acting career began in the early 1990s with comedic roles in films such as Spotswood aka The Efficiency Expert and Muriel's Wedding, for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. Following her performances in Emma and The Boys, Collette achieved international recognition as a result of her Academy Award-nominated portrayal of Lynn Sear in The Sixth Sense. She has appeared in thrillers such as Shaft and Changing Lanes and independent comedy films like About a Boy, Connie and Carla, In Her Shoes and Little Miss Sunshine. In 2012 she appeared in the films Hitchcock and Mental.\nIn 2009, she began playing the lead role in the television series United States of Tara, for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy in 2010. Collette, as of 2013, stars as Ellen Sanders in the US television drama Hostages.
/m/03tcnt	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality albums in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Rock Album was first presented to the band The Rolling Stones in 1995, and the name of the category has remained unchanged since then. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to \"vocal or instrumental rock, hard rock or metal albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded material\". Since 1996, award recipients have often included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.\nThe band Foo Fighters holds the record for the most wins in this category, with four. Two-time winners include Sheryl Crow, Green Day, and U2. Foo Fighters and Neil Young hold the record for the most nominations, with six. Young also holds the record for the most nominations without a win.
/m/01vsyjy	John Baldwin, known by the stage name John Paul Jones, is an English multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, composer, arranger and record producer. Best known as the bassist, keyboardist, and co-songwriter for English rock band Led Zeppelin, Jones has since developed a solo career. A versatile musician, Jones also plays organ, guitar, koto, lap steel guitars, mandolin, autoharp, violin, ukulele, sitar, cello, continuum and the three over-dubbed recorder parts heard on Led Zeppelin's \"Stairway to Heaven\".\nAccording to Allmusic, Jones \"has left his mark on rock & roll music history as an innovative musician, arranger, and director.\" Many notable rock bassists have been influenced by John Paul Jones, including John Deacon, Geddy Lee, Steve Harris, Flea, Gene Simmons, and Krist Novoselic. Jones was part of the band Them Crooked Vultures with Josh Homme and Dave Grohl, in which he plays bass guitar, keyboards, and other instruments. During November 2013, Jones was touring the Southeast playing mandolin with the Dave Rawlings Machine.
/m/0q9kd	Daniel Michael \"Danny\" DeVito, Jr. is an American actor, comedian, director, and producer. He first gained prominence for his portrayal of taxi dispatcher Louie De Palma on the ABC and NBC television series Taxi, for which he won a Golden Globe and an Emmy. He went on to become a major film star, known for his roles in films such as Terms of Endearment, Romancing the Stone, Twins, Batman Returns, Get Shorty, and L.A. Confidential, and for his voiceover work in films such as Space Jam, Hercules, and The Lorax.\nDeVito co-founded Jersey Films with Michael Shamberg. Soon afterwards, Stacey Sher became an equal partner. The production company is known for films such as Pulp Fiction, Garden State, and Freedom Writers. DeVito also owns Jersey Television, which produced the Comedy Central series Reno 911!. DeVito and wife Rhea Perlman starred together in his 1996 film Matilda, based on Roald Dahl's children's novel. He currently stars as Frank Reynolds on the FXX sitcom It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. He also directs and produces graphic short horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory. He has appeared in several of them, as have friends of his and members of his family.
/m/025sc50	Contemporary R&B, also known as R&B, is a music genre that combines elements of rhythm and blues, pop, soul, funk, and hip hop.\nAlthough the abbreviation \"R&B\" originates from traditional rhythm and blues music, today the term R&B is most often used to describe a style of African-American music originating after the decline of disco and funk in the 1980s.\nSome sources refer to the style as urban contemporary.\nContemporary R&B has a polished record production style, drum machine-backed rhythms, an occasional saxophone-laced beat to give a jazz feel, and a smooth, lush style of vocal arrangement. Electronic influences are becoming an increasing trend, and the use of hip hop or dance-inspired beats are typical, although the roughness and grit inherent in hip hop may be reduced and smoothed out. Contemporary R&B vocalists are often known for their use of melisma, popularized by vocalists such as Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Whitney Houston, and Mariah Carey.
/m/088fh	Yellow is the color of gold, butter, or ripe lemons. In the spectrum of visible light, and in the traditional color wheel used by painters, yellow is located between green and orange.\nYellow is commonly associated with gold, wealth, sunshine, reason, happiness, optimism and pleasure, but also with cowardice, envy, jealousy and betrayal. It plays an important part in Asian culture, particularly in China.
/m/02dh86	Lila Diane Sawyer is the current anchor of ABC News' flagship program, ABC World News. Previously, Sawyer had been co-anchor of ABC News's morning news program Good Morning America and primetime newsmagazine Primetime.
/m/0gqy2	Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. While actors are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/0kjgl	Michael Kirk Douglas is an American actor and producer, primarily in movies and television. He has won four Golden Globes, including the Cecil B. DeMille Award, two Academy Awards—as producer of 1975's Best Picture, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and as Best Actor in 1987 for his role as Gordon Gekko in Wall Street, and an Emmy Award in 2013 for his portrayal of Liberace in the HBO film Behind the Candelabra. Other performances include The Game, Wonder Boys, Traffic and Falling Down. Douglas received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2009. He is the eldest of actor Kirk Douglas' four sons.
/m/0g9yrw	Howard the Duck is a 1986 American science fiction comedy film directed by Willard Huyck and starring Lea Thompson, Tim Robbins, and Jeffrey Jones. Produced by Gloria Katz and George Lucas, the screenplay was originally intended to be an animated film based on the Marvel comic book of the same name, but the film adaptation became live action due to a contractual obligation. Although there had been several TV adaptations of Marvel characters during the preceding 21 years, this was the first attempt at a theatrical release since the Captain America serial of 1944.\nLucas proposed adapting the surrealist comic book following the production of American Graffiti. After stepping down as the president of Lucasfilm to focus on producing he chose to begin production on the film personally. Following multiple production difficulties and mixed response to test screenings, Howard the Duck was released in theaters on August 1, 1986. The film both received extremely negative reviews and became a box office failure. Contemporary critics focused on the decision to shoot the film in live action rather than as an animated film and the appearance of Howard as primary obstacles to the movie's success. More recent commentators tend to focus on issues with the script.
/m/064nh4k	Jenna Noelle Ushkowitz is an American stage and television actress, singer and writer, best known for her performances in Broadway musicals and for her role as Tina Cohen-Chang on Glee. She has also written a memoir titled Choosing Glee.
/m/01pcdn	Kristin Landen Davis is an American actress. She first rose to prominence and achieved fame for playing the role of Brooke Armstrong on Melrose Place and went on to achieve greater success as Charlotte York Goldenblatt on HBO's Sex and the City.
/m/0b76t12	\"Kate (Catherine Keener) and Alex (Oliver Platt), a married couple who run a successful business reselling estate-sale furniture, live in Manhattan with their teenage daughter, Abby. Wanting to expand their two-bedroom apartment, they buy the unit next door, planning to knock the walls out. However, before doing so, they have to wait for the occupant, Andra, a cranky elderly woman, to die. The wait becomes complicated when the family develops relationships with Andra and her two grown granddaughters.\n\nNicole Holofcener infuses her story of love, death, and liberal guilt with a rare balance of humor and complexity that stems from her uncanny ability to understand people—their motivations, interactions, and contradictions. Her characters go to great pains to navigate a world of moral confusion; we want to feel good about ourselves, but we never feel quite good enough. In avoiding judgment, she offers a funny and philosophical reflection on the give and take of modern life.\"\nQuoting the description from the 2010 Sundance Film Festival site
/m/03lh3v	Walter Ray Allen, Jr. is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. He formerly played for the Milwaukee Bucks, Seattle SuperSonics, and Boston Celtics of the NBA. In college, he was a member of the University of Connecticut Huskies. One of the most accurate 3-point and free throw shooters in NBA history, he is a ten-time NBA All-Star, and has won two NBA championships, as well as an Olympic gold medal as a member of the 2000 United States men's basketball team. Allen has acted in two films, including a lead role in the 1998 Spike Lee film He Got Game. Allen is the NBA's all-time leader both in three-point field goals made and attempted in the regular season as well as the NBA's all-time leader in three-point field goals made in the postseason.
/m/0203v	Colin Luther Powell is an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army. He was the 65th United States Secretary of State, serving under U.S. President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2005, the first African American to serve in that position. During his military career, Powell also served as National Security Advisor, as Commander of the U.S. Army Forces Command and as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, holding the latter position during the Persian Gulf War. He was the first, and so far the only, African American to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and was the first of two consecutive African American office-holders to hold the key Administration position of U.S. Secretary of State.
/m/06z8gn	Christopher McDonald is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Shooter McGavin in Happy Gilmore, Tappy Tibbons in Requiem for a Dream, and Mel Allen in the HBO film 61*.
/m/07663r	Estelle Harris is a comedic actress and voice artist, often recognized for her shrill, grating voice. She is best known for her role as Estelle Costanza on Seinfeld from 1992 to 1998, as the voice of Mrs. Potato Head in the Toy Story franchise, and Muriel on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody.
/m/058s57	Carrie Marie Underwood is an American country music singer, songwriter, and actress. She rose to fame as the winner of the fourth season of American Idol in 2005. Underwood has since become a multi-platinum selling recording artist, a winner of six Grammy Awards, sixteen Billboard Music Awards, seven American Music Awards and ten Academy of Country Music Awards, among several others. As a songwriter, she has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. Underwood is also a two-time winner of the Academy of Country Music Entertainer of the Year award and the first woman to win such an award twice. Underwood was inducted into and became a member of the Grand Ole Opry in 2008. She was also inducted into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame in 2009.\nHer debut album, Some Hearts, was released in 2005. Bolstered by the huge crossover success of the singles \"Before He Cheats\" and \"Jesus, Take the Wheel\", it went on to become the fastest selling debut country album in Nielsen SoundScan history, the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history and the best-selling country album of the last ten years. Underwood won three Grammy Awards for the album, including Best New Artist. Her second album, Carnival Ride, was released in 2007, with one of the biggest opening weeks by a female artist in history, and later earned Underwood two Grammy Awards, for the singles \"Last Name\" and \"I Told You So\". Released in 2009, her third album, Play On, was led by the success of its first single, \"Cowboy Casanova\", and finished the year as the second top-selling release by a female artist. 2012's Blown Away, her fourth album, was ranked the second best-selling release of the year by a female artist. She won a Grammy Award for the album's song \"Blown Away\". With her strong album and single sales, and $100 million in tour revenues, Underwood is the biggest American Idol earner, the highest-ranked American Idol alumni on the RIAA's Top Digital Artists of all time list and the fourth biggest album seller of the past ten years. She has sold more than 30 million singles and 16 million albums worldwide.
/m/033tln	Eric Stoltz is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for playing the role of Rocky Dennis in the biographical drama film Mask, which earned him the nomination for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture, and has appeared in a wide variety of films from mainstream fare like Some Kind of Wonderful to independent films like Pulp Fiction, Killing Zoe, and Kicking and Screaming. He recently portrayed Daniel Graystone in the science fiction television series Caprica, and became a regular director on the television series, Glee.
/m/0cy__l	Mildred Pierce is a 1945 American drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Joan Crawford, Jack Carson and Zachary Scott and featuring Eve Arden, Ann Blyth and Bruce Bennett, in a film noir about a long-suffering mother and her ungrateful daughter. The screenplay by Ranald MacDougall and the uncredited William Faulkner and Catherine Turney, is based upon the 1941 novel Mildred Pierce by James M. Cain. The film was produced by Jerry Wald, with studio head Jack L. Warner as executive producer.\nMildred Pierce was Crawford's first starring film for Warner Bros. after leaving MGM, and won her the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/05dtwm	Richard Jude Ciccolella, better known as Jude Ciccolella, is an American character actor.
/m/02rff2	Georgetown University Law Center is the law school of Georgetown University, located in Washington, D.C. Established in 1870, the Law Center offers J.D., LL.M., and S.J.D. degrees in law. As the second largest law school in the United States, Georgetown Law often touts the advantages of its wide range of program offerings and proximity to federal agencies and courts, including the Supreme Court.\nThe Law Center is one of the 14 law schools that consistently rank at the very top of U.S. News and World Report's annual rankings.
/m/0487c3	Jason Andre Davis Roberts MBE is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Reading.\nBorn in Park Royal, London, Roberts was playing football from an early age, and spent time in the youth academies at several professional clubs, but was not retained. After a spell in non-league football with Hayes, he joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1997. He failed to make a first-team appearance for Wolves, and had loan spells at Torquay United and Bristol City before signing for Bristol Rovers in 1998. He quickly established himself in the first team, scoring 38 goals in his two seasons at the club.\nAfter the club failed to gain promotion, Roberts handed in a transfer request and was sold to West Bromwich Albion in July 2000. His goals helped the team reach the First Division play-offs in his first season at the club. West Brom then won promotion to the Premier League in the following season. Roberts scored three goals in his first Premier League season as the club were relegated back down to the First Division. He was loaned out to Portsmouth at the start of the 2003–04 season, and was then sold to Wigan Athletic in January 2004. Roberts went on to score 21 goals in Wigan's promotion-winning campaign in the 2004–05 season, and won the club's Player of the Year award at the end of the season. His goals in the following season helped the club finish tenth in its inaugural Premier League campaign, as well as taking the team to the 2006 Football League Cup Final at the Millennium Stadium – the club's first ever major cup final.
/m/01vttb9	Enrico Nicola \"Henry\" Mancini was an American composer, conductor and arranger, who is best remembered for his film and television scores. He won a record number of Grammy Awards, plus a posthumous Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1995.\nHis best-known works include the jazz-idiom theme to The Pink Panther film series and the theme to the Peter Gunn television series. Mancini had a long collaboration with the film director Blake Edwards and won numerous Academy Awards for the songs in Edwards films, including \"Moon River\" from Breakfast at Tiffany's, \"Days of Wine and Roses\" and for the score to Victor Victoria.
/m/02knnd	Alan Walbridge Ladd was an American film actor and one of the great celebrities of the 1940s and early 1950s. After this, his fame diminished, though he continued to appear in popular films until his premature death.
/m/02w7fs	The Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for releasing albums in the latin pop genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThroughout its history, this award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1984 to 1991 the award was known as Best Latin Pop Performance\nFrom 1992 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Latin Pop Album\nFrom 1995 to 2000 it returned to the title Best Latin Pop Performance\nSince 2001 it has again been awarded as Best Latin Pop Album\nThe award was not presented in 2012 due to a major overhaul of Grammy categories. That year recordings in this category were shifted to the newly formed Best Latin Pop, Rock or Urban Album. However in June 2012, the Board of Trustees announced that it will be bringing back the category for the 55th Grammy Awards with the following description: \"for albums containing at least 51 percent playing time of new vocal or instrumental Latin pop recordings\".
/m/02qt02v	Every year since its inception, the Japanese Academy has recognized an outstanding foreign film. The year that any given film is nominated is not based on the film's domestic release date but rather on the date it is released in Japan. As delays of over four months are not uncommon, many films are nominated in Japan the following year after their release to the Japanese market. In fact, not one of the five films nominated for the 2007 Academy Award for Best Picture had been released in Japan by February 15th, 2008, the date of the Japan Academy Prize Ceremony. Although the 2007 recipient of this award, Letters from Iwo Jima, a film almost entirely in Japanese, would not seem to meet the qualification of a \"Foreign Language Film\", the actual Japanese title of the award, 最優秀外国作品賞 makes no mention of language. It would be more accurately translated as \"Best Foreign Production\". Regardless, the fact that the film was released on December 9, 2006 in Japan should still technically have made it ineligible.\n2013\n3 IdiotsCaptain PhillipsDjango UnchainedGravityLes Misérables
/m/041rx	The Jews;, also known as the Jewish people, are a nation and ethnoreligious group originating from the Israelites of the Ancient Near East.\nAccording to Jewish tradition, Jewish ancestry is traced back to the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, who lived in Canaan around the 18th century BCE. Historically, Jews had evolved mostly from the Tribe of Judah and Simeon, and partially from the Israelite tribes of Binyamin and Levi, who had all together formed the ancient Kingdom of Judah. A closely related group is the Samaritans, who claim descent from the Israelite tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh, while according to the Bible their origin is in the people brought to Israel by the Neo-Assyrian Empire and some Cohanim who taught them how to worship the \"native God\". The Jewish ethnicity, nationality and religion are strongly interrelated, as Judaism is the traditional faith of the Jewish nation. Converts to Judaism have a status within the Jewish ethnos equal to those born into it. Conversion is not encouraged by mainstream Judaism, and is considered a tough task, mainly applicable for cases of mixed marriages.
/m/07f1x	Thailand, officially the Kingdom of Thailand, formerly known as Siam, is a country located at the centre of the Indochina peninsula in Southeast Asia. It is bordered to the north by Burma and Laos, to the east by Laos and Cambodia, to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia, and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Burma. Its maritime boundaries include Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand to the southeast, and Indonesia and India in the Andaman Sea to the southwest.\nThe country is a constitutional monarchy, headed by King Rama IX, the ninth king of the House of Chakri, who, having reigned since 1946, is the world's longest-serving current head of state and the longest-reigning monarch in Thai history. The king of Thailand is titled Head of State, Head of the Armed Forces, Adherent of Buddhism, and Upholder of religions.\nThailand is the world's 51st-largest country in terms of total area, with an area of approximately 513,000 km², and is the 20th-most-populous country, with around 64 million people. The capital and largest city is Bangkok, which is Thailand's political, commercial, industrial and cultural hub. About 75% of the population is ethnically Thai, 14% Thai Chinese, and 3% is ethnically Malay; the rest belong to minority groups including Mons, Khmers and various hill tribes. The country's official language is Thai. The primary religion is Buddhism, which is practiced by around 95% of the population.
/m/01k_r5b	James Travis Tritt is an American country music singer. He signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1989, releasing seven studio albums and a greatest hits package for the label between then and 1999. In the 2000s, he released two albums on Columbia Records and one for the defunct Category 5 Records. Seven of his albums are certified platinum or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America; the highest-certified is 1991's It's All About to Change, which is certified triple-platinum. Tritt has also charted more than 40 times on the Hot Country Songs charts, including five number ones — \"Help Me Hold On,\" \"Anymore,\" \"Can I Trust You with My Heart,\" \"Foolish Pride\", and \"Best of Intentions\" — and 15 additional top ten singles. Tritt's musical style is defined by mainstream country and Southern rock influences.\nHe has received two Grammy Awards, both for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals: in 1992 for \"The Whiskey Ain't Workin',\" a duet with Marty Stuart, and again in 1998 for \"Same Old Train\", a collaboration with Stuart and nine other artists. In addition, he has received four awards from the Country Music Association, and has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1992.
/m/016s_5	John Cameron Fogerty is an American musician, songwriter, and guitarist, best known for his time with the swamp pop/roots rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival and as a solo recording artist. Fogerty has a rare distinction of being named on Rolling Stone magazine's list of 100 Greatest Guitarists and the list of 100 Greatest Singers. The songs \"Proud Mary\" and \"Born on the Bayou\" also rank amongst the Greatest Pop Songs.
/m/07hgm	Talking Heads was an American new wave band formed in 1975 in New York City and active until 1991. The band comprised David Byrne, Chris Frantz, Tina Weymouth and Jerry Harrison. Other musicians also regularly made appearances in concert and on the group's albums. The new wave style of Talking Heads combined elements of punk rock, art rock, avant-garde, pop, funk, world music, and Americana. Frontman and songwriter David Byrne contributed whimsical, esoteric lyrics to the band's songs, and emphasized their showmanship through various multimedia projects and performances.\nCritic Stephen Thomas Erlewine describes Talking Heads as being \"one of the most critically acclaimed bands of the '80s, while managing to earn several pop hits.\" In 2002, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Four of the band's albums appeared on Rolling Stone magazine's 2003 list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, and the Channel 4 100 Greatest Albums poll listed one album at number 76. On a 2011 update of Rolling Stone's \"100 Greatest Artists of All Time\", the band was ranked at No. 100.
/m/03f5spx	Timothy Zachery Mosley, better known by his stage name Timbaland, is an American record producer, songwriter and rapper. Timbaland's first full credit production work was in 1996 on Ginuwine...the Bachelor for R&B singer Ginuwine. After further work on Aaliyah's 1996 album One in a Million and Missy Elliott's 1997 album Supa Dupa Fly, Timbaland became a prominent producer for R&B and hip-hop artists. As a rapper he initially released several albums with fellow rapper Magoo, but later released his debut solo album Tim's Bio in 1998. In 2007, Timbaland released the first album in his Shock Value series, Timbaland Presents: Shock Value. In 2009, Timbaland Presents: Shock Value II was released. His work ranges from Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Missy Elliott, as well as other R&B artists of the mid-90's, to Jay-Z, LL Cool J, Ludacris, and other hip-hop artists of the early and mid-2000s. In 2006 he produced Justin Timberlake's album FutureSex/LoveSounds, which sold over 10 million copies worldwide and spawned hits such as \"SexyBack\", \"My Love\" and \"What Goes Around... Comes Around\". In 2006 he produced Nelly Furtado's Loose, which also sold 10 million copies worldwide and had hits such as \"Promiscuous\", \"Maneater\", and \"Say it Right\". In 2006 and 2007 alone, Timbaland was responsible for 16 Billboard Hot 100 top-ten singles.
/m/015196	Glenn Danzig is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Lodi, New Jersey. He is a founder of bands the Misfits, Samhain, and Danzig. He owns the Evilive record label as well as Verotik, an adult-oriented comic book publishing company.\nHaving begun in the mid-1970s, Danzig's musical career has encompassed a number of genres through the years, including punk rock, heavy metal, industrial, blues and classical music. He has written songs for other musicians, most notably Johnny Cash and Roy Orbison.\nAs a singer, he is noted for his baritone voice and tenor vocal range; his style has been compared to those of Elvis Presley, Jim Morrison, and Howlin' Wolf. Danzig has also cited Bill Medley as a vocal influence. As an author, he is known for his fascination with horror, gore, occult, erotic, and religious themes.
/m/0170z3	American History X is a 1998 American drama film directed by Tony Kaye and written by David McKenna. It stars Edward Norton and Edward Furlong, and co-stars Fairuza Balk, Stacy Keach, Elliott Gould, Avery Brooks, Ethan Suplee and Beverly D'Angelo. The film was released in the United States on October 30, 1998 and was distributed by New Line Cinema.\nThe film tells the story of two Venice, Los Angeles brothers who become involved in the neo-Nazi movement. The older brother serves three years in prison for voluntary manslaughter, changes his beliefs and tries to prevent his brother from going down the same path. The film is told in the style of nonlinear narrative. It was given an \"R\" rating by the MPAA for \"graphic brutal violence including rape, pervasive language, strong sexuality and nudity\". It grossed over $23 million at the international box office.\nCritics mostly praised the film and Norton's performance, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. In September 2008, Empire magazine named it the 311th Greatest Movie of All Time.
/m/03w5xm	Customer service is the provision of service to customers before, during and after a purchase. According to Turban et al., \"Customer service is a series of activities designed to enhance the level of customer satisfaction – that is, the feeling that a product or service has met the customer expectation.\"\nThe importance of customer service may vary by product or service, industry and customer. The perception of success of such interactions will be dependent on employees \"who can adjust themselves to the personality of the guest,\" according to Micah Solomon. From the point of view of an overall sales process engineering effort, customer service plays an important role in an organization's ability to generate income and revenue. From that perspective, customer service should be included as part of an overall approach to systematic improvement. A customer service experience can change the entire perception a customer has of the organization.\nSome have argued that the quality and level of customer service has decreased in recent years, and that this can be attributed to a lack of support or understanding at the executive and middle management levels of a corporation and/or a customer service policy. To address this argument, many organizations have employed a variety of methods to improve their customer satisfaction levels, and other key performance indicators.
/m/01tkfj	Jaleco Ltd is a Japanese video game publisher and developer established in 2006.\nThe original Jaleco Ltd was founded in 1974. In 2006, it decided to become a pure holding company by renaming itself Jaleco Holding and splitting its video game operations into a newly created subsidiary that took its former name of Jaleco Ltd. In 2009, Jaleco Holding sold Jaleco Ltd to Game Yarou and subsequently changed its own name to Emcom Holdings.\nAs a wholly owned subsidiary of Game Yarou, Jaleco Ltd operates independently and continues to trade under the Jaleco name. Emcom Holdings is no longer involved at all in the video game business, having branched out to other markets.
/m/02ky346	Engineering is the application of scientific, economic, social, and practical knowledge in order to design, build, maintain, and improve structures, machines, devices, systems, materials and processes. It may encompass using insights to conceive, model and scale an appropriate solution to a problem or objective. The discipline of engineering is extremely broad, and encompasses a range of more specialized fields of engineering, each with a more specific emphasis on particular areas of technology and types of application.\nThe American Engineers' Council for Professional Development has defined \"engineering\" as:\nThe creative application of scientific principles to design or develop structures, machines, apparatus, or manufacturing processes, or works utilizing them singly or in combination; or to construct or operate the same with full cognizance of their design; or to forecast their behavior under specific operating conditions; all as respects an intended function, economics of operation or safety to life and property.\nOne who practices engineering is called an engineer, and those licensed to do so may have more formal designations such as Professional Engineer, Federal Aviation Administration Designated Engineering Representative, Chartered Engineer, Incorporated Engineer, Ingenieur or European Engineer.
/m/02x8z_	Bruce Randall Hornsby is an American singer and keyboardist known for the spontaneity and creativity of his live performances, Hornsby draws frequently from classical, jazz, bluegrass, folk, Motown, gospel, rock, blues, and jam band musical traditions with his songwriting and the seamless improvisations contained within.\nHornsby's recordings have been recognized on a number of occasions with industry awards, including the Best New Artist Grammy in 1987 with Bruce Hornsby and the Range, the Best Bluegrass Recording Grammy in 1990, and the Best Pop Instrumental Grammy in 1993.\nHornsby has also achieved recognition for his solo albums and performances, his touring band Bruce Hornsby and the Noisemakers, his bluegrass project with Ricky Skaggs and his appearances as a session- and guest-musician. He also collaborated with Grateful Dead and was a member of the band from September 1990 to March 1992, playing at over 100 shows during that period.
/m/05sy0cv	The ABC Afterschool Special is an American television anthology series that aired on ABC from 1972 to 1997, usually in the late afternoon on week days. Most episodes were dramatically presented situations, often controversial, of interest to children and teenagers. Several episodes were either in animated form or presented as documentaries. Topics included illiteracy, substance abuse and teenage pregnancy. The series won 51 Daytime Emmy Awards during its 25-year run.\nIn 2004 and 2005, BCI Eclipse and Sunset Home Visual Entertainment issued six DVD collections of episodes from the series that had been produced by Martin Tahse, each collection containing four episodes. A boxed set, in the shape of a school bus, was also released containing all of the DVD releases, with a detailed information booklet of all the specials on the set and including an extra DVD of two specials that had previously not been released on DVD. The DVDs are currently out of print.
/m/0159h6	Emma Thompson is a British actress, comedienne, screenwriter and author. She first came to prominence in 1987 in two BBC TV series, Tutti Frutti and Fortunes of War; she won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for her work in both. Her first major film role was in the 1989 romantic comedy The Tall Guy. In 1992, Thompson won multiple acting awards, including an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award for Best Actress, for her performance in the British drama Howards End. In 1993, Thompson garnered dual Academy Award nominations, as Best Actress for The Remains of the Day and as Best Supporting Actress for In the Name of the Father.\nIn 1995, Thompson scripted and starred in Sense and Sensibility, a film adaptation of the Jane Austen novel of the same name, which earned her an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role among other awards. Other notable film and television credits have included her role in the Harry Potter film series, Much Ado About Nothing, Wit, Love Actually, Angels in America, Nanny McPhee, Stranger than Fiction, Last Chance Harvey, An Education, Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang, Men in Black 3, Brave, and Saving Mr. Banks. In 2012, Thompson authored The Further Tale of Peter Rabbit to commemorate the 110th anniversary of the publication of Beatrix Potter's The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
/m/03d63lb	Raza Murad is an Indian actor working primarily in Hindi films. He has acted in over 200 Bollywood films. He has portrayed a wide variety of roles from sympathetic brothers and brotherly figures in the 70s to villainous roles in the 80s and later.
/m/0kbws	The 2008 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Beijing, China, from August 8 to 24, 2008. A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees competed in 28 sports and 302 events. China became the 22nd nation to host the Olympic Games and the 18th to hold a Summer Olympic Games. It was the third time that the Summer Olympic Games were held in Asia, after Tokyo, Japan, in 1964 and Seoul, South Korea, in 1988. The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong, making it the third time the events of the same Olympics were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs, while sailing was contested in Qingdao, and football events took place in several different cities.\nBeijing was awarded the Games over four competitors on July 13, 2001, having won an absolute majority of votes from members of the International Olympic Committee after two rounds of voting. The Government of the People's Republic of China promoted the Games and invested heavily in new facilities and transportation systems. A total of 37 venues were used to host the events, including 12 constructed specifically for use at the Games. The official logo of these Olympic Games, titled \"Dancing Beijing\", featured a stylised calligraphic character jīng, referring to the host city. Media outlets reported unprecedented audience interest in the Games, and these Olympics had the largest television audience in Olympic history to date, an achievement later surpassed by the 2012 Games. Some politicians and non-governmental organizations criticized the choice of China as Olympic host because of the country's human rights record, and protests by pro-Tibetan independence activists and critics of China's human rights record marred the international portion of the Olympic torch relay.
/m/084l5	The Washington Redskins are a professional American football team located in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area. The team belongs to the East Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The team's home stadium is FedExField in Landover, Maryland. Its headquarters and training facility are at Redskins Park in Ashburn, Virginia, and the newly built Redskins Complex in Richmond, Virginia, respectively. The Redskins have played more than 1,000 games since 1932. The Redskins have won five NFL Championships. The franchise has captured 13 NFL divisional titles and six NFL conference championships.\nThe Redskins won the 1937 and 1942 Championship games, as well as Super Bowls XVII, XXII, and XXVI. They also played in, and lost, the 1936, 1940, 1943, and 1945 Championship games, as well as Super Bowls VII and XVIII. They have made 22 postseason appearances, and have an overall postseason record of 23 wins and 17 losses. The Redskins' three Super Bowl wins are tied with the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders, and New England Patriots.\nAll of the Redskins' league titles were attained during two 10-year spans. From 1936 to 1945, the Redskins went to the NFL Championship six times, winning two of them. The second period lasted between 1982 and 1991 where the Redskins appeared in the postseason seven times, captured four Conference titles, and won three Super Bowls out of four appearances. The Redskins have also experienced failure in their history. The most notable period of failure was from 1946 to 1970, during which the Redskins did not have a single postseason appearance. During this period, the Redskins went without a single winning season between 1956 and 1968. In 1961, the franchise posted their worst regular season record with a 1–12–1 showing. Since 1992, the Redskins have made only four postseason appearances and had five seasons with a winning record.
/m/01mf49	Newburgh is a city located in Orange County, New York, United States, 60 miles north of New York City, and 90 miles south of Albany, on the Hudson River. Newburgh is a principal city of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown metropolitan area, which includes all of Dutchess and Orange counties. The Newburgh area was first settled in the early 18th century by the Germans and British. During the American Revolution, Newburgh served as the headquarters of the Continental Army. Prior to its chartering in 1865, the city of Newburgh was part of the town of Newburgh; the town now borders the city to the north and west. East of the city is the Hudson River; the city of Beacon, New York is east of the river, and is connected to Newburgh via the Newburgh–Beacon Bridge. The entire southern boundary of the city is with the town of New Windsor. Most of this boundary is formed by Quassaick Creek.
/m/04ynx7	The Missing is a 2003 American Revisionist Western thriller film directed by Ron Howard, based on Thomas Eidson's 1996 novel The Last Ride. The film is set in 1885 New Mexico Territory is notable for the authentic use of the Apache language by various actors, some of whom spent long hours studying it. The film was produced by Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
/m/09nwwf	Funk rock is a music genre that fuses funk and rock elements. Its earliest incarnation was heard in the late 1960s through the mid-1970s by acts such as the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Eric Burdon and War, Ike and Tina Turner, Trapeze, Black Merda, Parliament-Funkadelic, Betty Davis and Mother's Finest. During the late 1980s and 1990s funk rock music experienced a surge in popularity, with bands such as Rage Against the Machine, Incubus, Infectious Grooves, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Faith No More and Primus mixing funk rock with many different genres, most notably heavy metal, hip hop, experimental music and punk rock, with this leading to the emergence of the funk rock subgenre funk metal.
/m/0c58k	Diabetes mellitus, or simply diabetes, is a group of metabolic diseases in which a person has high blood sugar, either because the pancreas does not produce enough insulin, or because cells do not respond to the insulin that is produced. This high blood sugar produces the classical symptoms of polyuria, polydipsia, and polyphagia.\nThere are three main types of diabetes mellitus.\nType 1 DM results from the body's failure to produce insulin, and currently requires the person to inject insulin or wear an insulin pump. This form was previously referred to as \"insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus\" or \"juvenile diabetes\".\nType 2 DM results from insulin resistance, a condition in which cells fail to use insulin properly, sometimes combined with an absolute insulin deficiency. This form was previously referred to as non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or \"adult-onset diabetes\".\nThe third main form, gestational diabetes, occurs when pregnant women without a previous diagnosis of diabetes develop a high blood glucose level. It may precede development of type 2 DM.\nOther forms of diabetes mellitus include congenital diabetes, which is due to genetic defects of insulin secretion, cystic fibrosis-related diabetes, steroid diabetes induced by high doses of glucocorticoids, and several forms of monogenic diabetes.
/m/017v3q	The College of William & Mary in Virginia is a public research university located in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. Privately founded in 1693 by letters patent issued by King William III and Queen Mary II, it is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the United States after Harvard University. William & Mary is considered one of the original \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nWilliam & Mary educated U.S. Presidents Thomas Jefferson, James Monroe, and John Tyler as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation, including U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and 16 signers of the Declaration of Independence. W&M founded the Phi Beta Kappa academic honor society in 1776 and was the first school of higher education in the United States to install an honor code of conduct for students. The establishment of graduate programs in law and medicine in 1779 make it one of the first universities in the United States.\nIn addition to its undergraduate program, W&M is home to several graduate and professional schools, including law, business, public policy, education, marine science and colonial history.
/m/018w8	Basketball is a sport played by two teams of five players on a rectangular court. The objective is to shoot a ball through a hoop 18 inches in diameter and 10 feet high mounted to a backboard at each end. Basketball is one of the world's most popular and widely viewed sports.\nA team can score a field goal by shooting the ball through the basket during regular play. A field goal scores two points for the shooting team if a player is touching or closer to the basket than the three-point line, and three points if the player is behind the three-point line. The team with the most points at the end of the game wins, but additional time may be issued when the game ends with a draw. The ball can be advanced on the court by bouncing it while walking or running or throwing it to a team mate. It is a violation to move without dribbling the ball, to carry it, or to hold the ball with both hands then resume dribbling.\nViolations are called \"fouls\". A personal foul is penalized, and a free throw is usually awarded to an offensive player if he is fouled while shooting the ball. A technical foul may also be issued when certain infractions occur, most commonly for unsportsmanlike conduct on the part of a player or coach. A technical foul gives the opposing team a free throw, and the opposing team also retains possession of the ball.
/m/05hmp6	The 25th Academy Awards ceremony was held on March 19, 1953. It took place at the RKO Pantages Theatre in Hollywood, California and the NBC International Theatre in New York City.\nIt was the first Academy Awards ceremony to be televised, and the first ceremony to be held in Hollywood and New York City simultaneously. It was also the only year that the New York ceremonies were to be held in the NBC International Theatre on Columbus Circle, which was shortly thereafter demolished and replaced by the New York Coliseum convention center.\nA major upset occurred in the category of Best Picture. The heavily favored High Noon lost to Cecil B. DeMille's The Greatest Show on Earth, which is now considered among the worst films to have ever won the Academy Award for Best Picture. The American film magazine Premiere placed the movie on its list of the 10 worst Oscar winners and the British film magazine Empire rated it #3 on their list of the 10 worst Oscar winners. It has the lowest spot on Rotten Tomatoes' list of the 81 films to win Best Picture. Of all the films nominated for the Oscar this year, only High Noon and Singin' in the Rain would show up 36 years later on the American Film Institute list of the greatest American films of the 20th Century. For a film that only received two nominations, Singin' in the Rain went on to become the greatest American musical film of all time and in the 2007 American Film Institute updated list as the fifth greatest American film of all time, while High Noon was ranked twenty-seventh on the same 2007 list, as well.
/m/02q52q	The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and the most well-known and commercial adaptation based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum. The film stars Judy Garland; Terry the dog, billed as Toto; Ray Bolger, Jack Haley, Bert Lahr, Frank Morgan, Billie Burke, Margaret Hamilton, with Charley Grapewin and Clara Blandick, and the Singer Midgets as the Munchkins, with Pat Walshe as leader of the flying monkeys. Notable for its use of Technicolor, fantasy storytelling, musical score and unusual characters, over the years it has become one of the best known of all films and part of American popular culture. It also featured what may be the most elaborate use of character make-ups and special effects in a film up to that time.\nAlthough the film received largely positive reviews, it was not a box office success on its initial release, earning only $3,017,000 on a $2,777,000 budget. The film was MGM's most expensive production up to that time, but its initial release failed to recoup the studio's investment. Subsequent re-releases made up for that, however. It was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It lost that award to Gone with the Wind, but won two others, including Best Original Song for \"Somewhere Over the Rainbow\". The song was ranked first in both the AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs list and the Recording Industry Association of America's \"365 Songs of the Century\" list.
/m/0879bpq	Arthur Christmas is a 2011 British/American 3-D computer animated Christmas comedy film, produced by Aardman Animations and Sony Pictures Animation as their first collaborative project. The film was released on November 11, 2011, in the UK, and on November 23, 2011, in the USA.\nDirected by Sarah Smith, it features voices of James McAvoy, Hugh Laurie, Bill Nighy, Jim Broadbent, Imelda Staunton, Ashley Jensen, Marc Wootton, Laura Linney, Eva Longoria, Ramona Marquez and Michael Palin. Set on Christmas night, the film tells a story about the Santa Claus' clumsy son Arthur Christmas who discovers that the Santas' high-tech ship has failed to deliver one girl's present, goes on a mission to save her Christmas, accompanied only by his aging grandfather, a rebellious yet enthusiastic young Christmas Elf obsessed with wrapping gifts for children, and a team of eight strong, magical yet untrained reindeer.\nArthur Christmas was very well received by critics, who praised its animation and humorous, smart and heart-warming story. The film was slightly less successful at the box office, earning only $147 million on a $100 million budget.
/m/01pkhw	Michael Christopher Sheen, OBE, is a Welsh stage and screen actor. After training at London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, Sheen made his professional debut in 1991, starring opposite Vanessa Redgrave in When She Danced at the Globe Theatre. He worked mainly in theatre throughout the 1990s and made notable stage appearances in Romeo and Juliet, Don’t Fool With Love, Peer Gynt, The Seagull, The Homecoming and Henry V. His performances in Amadeus at the Old Vic and Look Back in Anger at the National Theatre were nominated for Olivier Awards in 1998 and 1999, respectively. In 2003, he was nominated for a third Olivier Award for his performance in Caligula at the Donmar Warehouse.\nSheen has become better known as a screen actor since the 2000s, in particular through his roles in various biopics. With writer Peter Morgan he has starred in a trilogy of films as British politician Tony Blair: the first was the television film The Deal in 2003, followed by The Queen and The Special Relationship. For playing Blair he was nominated for both a BAFTA Award and an Emmy. Sheen was also nominated for a BAFTA as the troubled comic actor Kenneth Williams in BBC Four's 2006 Fantabulosa!, and was nominated for a fourth Olivier Award nomination in 2006 for portraying the broadcaster David Frost in Frost/Nixon, a role he revisited in the 2008 film adaptation of the play. He also starred as the outspoken football manager Brian Clough in The Damned United.
/m/0167v4	David Ryan Adams is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist and producer. He is best known for his prolific solo career, and as a former member of alt-country band Whiskeytown, with whom he recorded three studio albums.\nIn 2000, Adams left Whiskeytown and released his first solo album, Heartbreaker, to critical acclaim. The album was nominated for the Shortlist Music Prize. In 2001, Adams released the UK certified-gold Gold, which included the hit single, \"New York, New York\".\nHe released five albums with the rock band The Cardinals and in 2009 Adams married singer-songwriter and actress Mandy Moore. Adams left The Cardinals and announced that he was taking a break from music. He resumed performing in October 2010 and released his thirteenth studio album, Ashes & Fire, on October 11, 2011. The album peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard 200.\nAdams has also produced albums for Willie Nelson, Jesse Malin and Fall Out Boy, and collaborated with Counting Crows, Weezer, Norah Jones, America, Minnie Driver, Cowboy Junkies, Leona Naess, Toots & the Maytals, Beth Orton and Krista Polvere. He has written Infinity Blues, a book of poems, and Hello Sunshine, a collection of poems and short stories.
/m/01kym3	Megumi Hayashibara is a Japanese voice actress, singer, radio personality, and lyricist from Tokyo. She is affiliated with Woodpark Office. She is best known for her roles in Love Hina, Saber Marionette J, Ranma ½, Neon Genesis Evangelion, Cowboy Bebop, Slayers, Detective Conan, Pokémon, All Purpose Cultural Catgirl Nuku Nuku and Shaman King. She is also a fully qualified and registered nurse.
/m/018zvb	Thomas Kennerly \"Tom\" Wolfe, Jr. is an American author and journalist, best known for his association and influence over the New Journalism literary movement in which literary techniques are used in objective, even-handed journalism. Beginning his career as a reporter he soon became one of the most culturally significant figures of the sixties after the publication of books such as The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test, a highly experimental account of Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters, and his collections of articles and essays, Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers and The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby. His first novel entitled The Bonfire of the Vanities, released in 1987, was met with critical acclaim and was a great commercial success.\nHe is also known, in recent years, for his spats and public disputes with other writers, including John Updike, Norman Mailer, and John Irving.
/m/0bfvw2	This is a list of the winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress – a Miniseries or Movie.
/m/03g5jw	Kings of Leon is an American rock band that formed in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1999. The band is composed of brothers Anthony Caleb Followill, Ivan Nathan Followill and Michael Jared Followill, with their cousin Cameron Matthew Followill.\nThe band's early music was an upbeat blend of Southern rock and blues influences, but it has gradually expanded throughout the years to include a variety of genres and a more alternative, arena rock sound. Kings of Leon achieved initial success in the United Kingdom with nine Top 40 singles, two BRIT Awards in 2008, and all three of the band's albums at the time peaking in the top five of the UK Albums Chart. Their third album, Because of the Times, also reached the number one spot. After the release of Only by the Night in September 2008 the band achieved chart success in the United States. The singles \"Sex on Fire\", \"Use Somebody\", and \"Notion\" all peaked at number one on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. The album was their first Platinum-selling album in the United States, and was also the best-selling album of 2008 in Australia, being certified platinum nine times. The band's fifth album, Come Around Sundown, was released on October 18, 2010. Their sixth album, Mechanical Bull, was released on September 24, 2013.
/m/0bynt	Track and field is a sport which combines various athletic contests based on the skills of running, jumping, and throwing. The sport's name refers to its usual venue: a stadium with an oval running track enclosing a grass field where the throwing and jumping events take place. The running events, which include sprints, middle and long-distance events, and hurdling, are won by the athlete with the fastest time. The jumping and throwing events are won by the athlete who achieves the greatest distance or height. Regular jumping events include long jump, triple jump, high jump and pole vault, while the most common throwing events are shot put, javelin, discus and hammer. There are also \"combined events\", such as heptathlon and decathlon, in which athletes compete in a number of the above events. Most track and field events are individual sports with a single victor, but a number are relay races.\nTrack and field is often categorised under the umbrella sport of athletics, which also includes road running, cross country running, and race walking. At the international level, the two most prestigious international track and field competitions are athletics competition at the Olympic Games and the IAAF World Championships in Athletics, while the International Association of Athletics Federations is the international governing body.
/m/02yxwd	Raymond Andrew \"Ray\" Winstone is an English film and television actor. He is mostly known for his \"tough guy\" roles, beginning with his role as Carlin in the 1979 film Scum and Will Scarlet in the television series Robin of Sherwood. He has also become well known as a voice over actor, and has recently branched out into film production. He has appeared in films such as Cold Mountain, Nil By Mouth, King Arthur, The Proposition, The Departed, Beowulf, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and Edge of Darkness. He is to star as Tubal-cain in Noah, with director Darren Aronofsky wanting an actor \"with the grit and size to be convincing as he goes head-to-head against Russell Crowe's Noah character\".
/m/034rd	George Washington was the first President of the United States, the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He presided over the convention that drafted the United States Constitution, which replaced the Articles of Confederation and which remains the supreme law of the land.\nWashington was elected President as the unanimous choice of the electors in 1788, and he served two terms in office. He oversaw the creation of a strong, well-financed national government that maintained neutrality in the wars raging in Europe, suppressed rebellion, and won acceptance among Americans of all types. His leadership style established many forms and rituals of government that have been used since, such as using a cabinet system and delivering an inaugural address. Further, the peaceful transition from his presidency to that of John Adams established a tradition that continues into the 21st century. Washington was hailed as \"father of his country\" even during his lifetime.\nWashington was born into the provincial gentry of Colonial Virginia; his wealthy planter family owned tobacco plantations and slaves. After both his father and older brother died when he was young, Washington became personally and professionally attached to the powerful William Fairfax, who promoted his career as a surveyor and soldier. Washington quickly became a senior officer in the colonial forces during the first stages of the French and Indian War. Chosen by the Second Continental Congress in 1775 to be commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in the American Revolution, Washington managed to force the British out of Boston in 1776, but was defeated and almost captured later that year when he lost New York City. After crossing the Delaware River in the dead of winter, he defeated the British in two battles, retook New Jersey and restored momentum to the Patriot cause.
/m/027gs1_	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series is an Emmy presented to the best directing of a television comedy series.
/m/0kyk	An author is broadly defined as \"the person who originated or gave existence to anything\" and whose authorship determines responsibility for what was created. Narrowly defined, an author is the originator of any written work and can also be described as a writer.
/m/093l8p	Transamerica is a 2005 independent comedy-drama film produced by IFC Films and The Weinstein Company. The film tells the story of Bree, a transsexual woman, who goes on a road trip with her long-lost son Toby.\nThe film is marked by an Academy Award–nominated and Golden Globe–winning performance by Huffman, who is also known for her performance in Desperate Housewives.\nOne of the major themes of the film is the personal journey toward self-discovery, according to interviews with the director and actors. The screenplay was inspired in part by conversations between screenwriter/director Duncan Tucker and his then roommate Katherine Connella.
/m/032qgs	Daniel Ronald \"Ronny\" Cox is an American character actor, author, singer-songwriter and guitarist. His best-known roles include Drew Ballinger in Deliverance, George Apple in Apple's Way, Lieutenant Andrew Bogomil in Beverly Hills Cop, Richard \"Dick\" Jones in RoboCop and Vilos Cohaagen in Total Recall.
/m/01z_g6	Julianna Luisa Margulies is an American actress and producer.\nAfter several small television roles, Margulies achieved both critical and commercial success in her role as Nurse Carol Hathaway on NBC's long-running medical drama ER, for which she won an Emmy Award. After her departure from ER in 2000, Margulies appeared in the 2001 miniseries The Mists of Avalon and voiced the role of Neera in Disney's CGI film Dinosaur. In 2009 she took the lead role of Alicia Florrick in the American legal drama The Good Wife on CBS, for which she has won a Golden Globe, a Television Critics Association Award and the 2011 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.\nMargulies has won seven Screen Actor Guild Awards; three for her performance as an actress in a leading role in a drama series, and four for being the member of the best ensemble cast in a drama series.
/m/07yp0f	Vera Ann Farmiga is an American actress and film director. Farmiga made her feature film debut in the 1998 drama thriller Return to Paradise. This was followed by supporting roles in the 2000 romantic film Autumn in New York and the 2001 television series UC: Undercover. She was also cast in the 2001 thriller 15 Minutes. Her other film appearances and roles include the 2003 comedy Dummy, the 2004 drama Down to the Bone, the 2006 crime thriller The Departed, the 2007 horror Joshua, and the 2008 historical drama The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. She made her directorial debut in the 2011 drama film Higher Ground.\nFarmiga gained critical acclaim following her work in the 2009 comedy-drama Up in the Air, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She also starred as Kate Coleman in the 2009 horror film Orphan, Capt. Colleen Goodwin in the 2011 thriller/action movie Source Code, and famous paranormal investigator Lorraine Warren in the 2013 horror film The Conjuring. As of 2013, she stars as Norma Louise Bates in the A&E TV series, Bates Motel, for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
/m/0dyztm	Aleksa Palladino is an American actress and singer, perhaps best known for her lead roles in Manny & Lo, The Adventures of Sebastian Cole, Find Me Guilty, Boardwalk Empire, Wrong Turn 2: Dead End, and Before the Devil Knows You're Dead.
/m/0jw67	Michael Francis Moore is an American filmmaker, author, social critic, and political activist. He is the director and producer of Fahrenheit 9/11, which is the highest-grossing documentary of all time and winner of the Palme d'Or. His films Bowling for Columbine and Sicko also placed in the top ten highest-grossing documentaries, and the former won the Academy Award for Documentary Feature. In September 2008, he released his first free movie on the Internet, Slacker Uprising, which documented his personal quest to encourage more Americans to vote in presidential elections. He has also written and starred in the TV shows TV Nation and The Awful Truth.\nMoore's written and cinematic works criticize globalization, large corporations, assault weapon ownership, U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, the Iraq War, the American health care system, and capitalism.
/m/019l3m	Anne Baxter was an American actress known for her performances in films such as The Magnificent Ambersons, The Razor's Edge, All About Eve and The Ten Commandments.
/m/010bxh	Wichita Falls is a city in and the county seat of Wichita County, Texas, United States. Wichita Falls is the principal city of the Wichita Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Archer, Clay and Wichita counties. According to the 2010 census, the city had a population of 104,553 making it the twenty-ninth most populous city in the state of Texas. In addition to Sheppard Air Force Base, Wichita Falls is also home to the Newby-McMahon Building, constructed downtown in 1919 and since known as the \"world's littlest skyscraper\".
/m/030_1m	TriStar Pictures, Inc. is an American film production/distribution studio and subsidiary of Sony Pictures Entertainment, owned by the Sony Corporation of Japan.
/m/0bq6ntw	Fast Five is a 2011 action film written by Chris Morgan and directed by Justin Lin.
/m/056jm_	The Grammy Award for Best Dance/Electronica Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality albums in the dance music and electronica genres. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThis award was first presented to Basement Jaxx for the album Kish Kash under the name of Best Electronic/Dance Album in 2005 and received its current denomination Best Dance/Electronica Album following a restructure of the categories in 2012. According to the category description guide, the award is presented \"for albums containing at least 51% playing time of new vocal or instrumental electronica/dance recordings\". It is intended for \"groove-oriented recordings with electronic-based instrumentation\" and compilation or remixed recording albums are not eligible for this category.\nSkrillex, Daft Punk and The Chemical Brothers each received this award twice. The Chemical Brothers hold the record for most nominations with four. Since its inception both British acts and American acts have received this award four times.
/m/05z96	A poet is a person who writes poetry. A poet's work can be literal, meaning that his work is derived from a specific event, or metaphorical, meaning that his work can take on many meanings and forms. Poets have existed since antiquity, in nearly all languages, and have produced works that vary greatly in different cultures and time periods. Throughout each civilization and language, poets have used various styles that have changed through the course of literary history, resulting in a history of poets as diverse as the literature they have produced.\nThe English word \"poet\" is derived from the French poète, itself descended from the Latin first-declension masculine noun poeta, meaning \"poet\". The word \"poetry\" derives from the Latin feminine noun poetria, meaning not \"poetry\" but \"poetess\".\nFrench poet Arthur Rimbaud summarized the \"poet\" by writing:\n\"A poet makes himself a visionary through a long, boundless, and systematized disorganization of all the senses. All forms of love, of suffering, of madness; he searches himself, he exhausts within himself all poisons, and preserves their quintessences. Unspeakable torment, where he will need the greatest faith, a superhuman strength, where he becomes all men: the great invalid, the great criminal, the great accursed—and the Supreme Scientist! For he attains the unknown! Because he has cultivated his soul, already rich, more than anyone! He attains the unknown, and, if demented, he finally loses the understanding of his visions, he will at least have seen them! So what if he is destroyed in his ecstatic flight through things unheard of, unnameable: other horrible workers will come; they will begin at the horizons where the first one has fallen!\"
/m/0c4xc	A situation comedy, often shortened to sitcom, is a genre of comedy that features characters sharing the same common environment, such as a home or workplace, with often humorous dialogue. Such programs originated in radio, but today, sitcoms are found mostly on television as one of its dominant narrative forms.\nA situation comedy television program may be recorded in front of a studio audience. The effect of a live studio audience can be imitated by the use of a laugh track.
/m/0rmwd	Bradenton BRAY-den-ton is a city in Manatee County, Florida, United States. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's 2012 population to be 50,672. Bradenton is the largest principal city of the Bradenton-Sarasota-Venice, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2007 estimated population of 682,833. It is the county seat.
/m/07nxvj	The Good Shepherd is a 2006 spy film produced and directed by Robert De Niro and starring Matt Damon and Angelina Jolie, with an extensive supporting cast. De Niro also produced it with James G. Robinson and Jane Rosenthal. Although it is a fictional film loosely based on real events, it is advertised as telling the untold story of the birth of counter-intelligence in the Central Intelligence Agency. The film's main character, Edward Wilson, is loosely based on James Jesus Angleton and Richard M. Bissell. This was Joe Pesci's first film appearance after his six-year hiatus from acting between 1999 and 2005. Eric Roth, the film's screenwriter, began to work on the project after he abandoned his attempt to bring Norman Mailer's Harlot's Ghost to the screen. Like De Niro's film, Mailer's novel is a fictionalized chronicle of the C.I.A.
/m/02mj7c	DePaul University is a private university in Chicago, Illinois. Founded by the Vincentians in 1898, the university takes its name from the 17th-century French priest Saint Vincent de Paul. In 1998 it became the largest Catholic university by enrollment in the United States. Following in the footsteps of its founders, DePaul places special emphasis on recruiting first-generation students and others from disadvantaged backgrounds.\nDePaul's two main campuses are located in Lincoln Park and the Loop. The Lincoln Park Campus is home to the Colleges of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences, Science and Health, and Education. It also houses the School of Music, the Theatre School, and the John T. Richardson Library. The Loop campus houses the Colleges of Communication, Computing and Digital Media, and Law. It is also home to the Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, which is part of the nationally-ranked Driehaus College of Business.\nThe university enrolls around 16,420 undergraduate and about 8,000 graduate/law students, making DePaul one of the 11 largest private universities by enrollment in the United States, and the largest private university in Illinois. The student body represents a wide array of religious, ethnic, and geographic backgrounds, including over 60 foreign countries.
/m/03fg0r	Darren Bennett Star is an American producer, director and writer for film and television. He is best known for creating the television series Melrose Place, Beverly Hills, 90210 and Sex and the City.
/m/04p3c	Leeds is a city in West Yorkshire, England, the principal settlement in the City of Leeds metropolitan district. In 2011 Leeds' main urban subdivision had a population of 474,632, while the City of Leeds had an estimated population of 757,700 making it the third largest city in the United Kingdom. The 2011 census showed that the West Yorkshire Urban Area had a population of 1.8 million, whilst the Leeds City Region, an economic area with Leeds at its core, had a population of 3 million.\nHistorically in the West Riding of Yorkshire, the history of Leeds can be traced to the 5th century when the Kingdom of Elmet was covered by the forest of \"Loidis\", the origin of the name Leeds. The name has been applied to many administrative entities over the centuries. It changed from being the appellation of a small manorial borough, in the 13th century, through several incarnations, to being the name attached to the present metropolitan borough. In the 17th and 18th centuries Leeds became a major centre for the production and trading of wool. Then, during the Industrial Revolution, Leeds developed into a major industrial centre; wool was the dominant industry but flax, engineering, iron foundries, printing, and other industries were important. From being a compact market town in the valley of the River Aire in the 16th century Leeds expanded and absorbed the surrounding villages to become a populous urban centre by the mid-20th century.
/m/07h34	Tennessee is a U.S. state located in the Southeastern United States. Tennessee is the 36th most extensive and the 17th most populous of the 50 United States. Tennessee is bordered by Kentucky and Virginia to the north, North Carolina to the east, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi to the south, and Arkansas and Missouri to the west. The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state, and the Mississippi River forms the state's western border. Tennessee's capital and second largest city is Nashville, which has a population of 624,496. Memphis is the state's largest city, with a population of 655,155.\nThe state of Tennessee is rooted in the Watauga Association, a 1772 frontier pact generally regarded as the first constitutional government west of the Appalachians. What is now Tennessee was initially part of North Carolina, and later part of the Southwest Territory. Tennessee was admitted to the Union as the 16th state on June 1, 1796. Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union and join the Confederacy at the outbreak of the U.S. Civil War in 1861 and the first state to be readmitted to the Union at the end of the war.\nTennessee furnished more soldiers for the Confederate Army than any other state, and more soldiers for the Union Army than any other Southern state. In the 20th century, Tennessee transitioned from an agrarian economy to a more diversified economy, aided at times by federal entities such as the Tennessee Valley Authority. In the early 1940s, the city of Oak Ridge was established to house the Manhattan Project's uranium enrichment facilities, helping to build the world's first atomic bomb.
/m/01p1z_	John Nicholas Cassavetes was an American actor, film director and screenwriter. He acted in many Hollywood films, notably Rosemary's Baby and The Dirty Dozen. Cassevetes was also a pioneer of American independent film by writing and directing over a dozen movies, some of which he partially self-financed, and which pioneered the use of improvisation and a realistic cinéma vérité style. He studied acting with Don Richardson, using an acting technique based on muscle memory. Nick Cassavetes is his son.
/m/07brj	The tambourine is a musical instrument in the percussion family consisting of a frame, often of wood or plastic, with pairs of small metal jingles, called \"zils\". Classically the term tambourine denotes an instrument with a drumhead, though some variants may not have a head at all. Tambourines are often used with regular percussion sets. They can be mounted, but position is largely down to preference.\nTambourines come in many shapes with the most common being circular. It is found in many forms of music: Turkish folk music, Greek folk music, Italian folk music, classical music, Persian music, gospel music, pop music and rock music.
/m/01kb2j	Julianne Moore is a British–American actress and children's author. Prolific in cinema since the early 1990s, Moore is particularly known for her portrayals of emotionally troubled women. Her career has involved both art house and Hollywood films, and she has received four Academy Award nominations.\nAfter studying theatre at Boston University, Moore began her career with a series of television roles. From 1985 to 1988, she was a regular in the soap opera As the World Turns, earning a Daytime Emmy for her performance. Her film debut was in 1990, and she continued to play supporting roles throughout the early 1990s. Moore made her breakthrough with Robert Altman's Short Cuts, followed by critically acclaimed performances in Vanya on 42nd Street, and Safe. Starring roles in the blockbusters Nine Months and The Lost World: Jurassic Park established her as a leading Hollywood actress.\nMoore received considerable recognition in the late 1990s and early 2000s, earning Oscar nominations for Boogie Nights, The End of the Affair, Far from Heaven, and The Hours. Other notable film appearances include The Big Lebowski, Magnolia, Hannibal, and Children of Men. She has continued to work regularly in the 2010s, receiving praise for her performances in The Kids Are All Right and the television film Game Change, in which she portrayed Sarah Palin and received the Emmy Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress. In addition to acting, Moore has written a successful series of children's books. She is married to the director Bart Freundlich, with whom she has two children.
/m/01bbwp	Keith Philip George Allen is a Welsh-born English actor, comedian, musician, singer-songwriter, artist, author and television presenter. He is the father of singer Lily Allen and actor Alfie Allen.
/m/02mjs7	A law degree is an academic degree conferred for studies in law. Such degrees are generally preparation for legal careers; but while their curricula may be reviewed by legal authority, they do not themselves confer a license. A legal license is granted and exercised locally; while the Law Degree can have local, international, and world aspects- e.g., in Britain the Legal Practice Course is required to become a British solicitor or the Bar Professional Course to become a barrister.\nThe first academic degrees were all law degrees- and the first law degrees were doctorates. The foundations of the first universities in Europe were the glossators of the 11th century, which were schools of law. The first European university, that of Bologna, was founded as a school of law by four famous legal scholars in the 12th century who were students of the glossator school in that city. It is from this history that it is said that the first academic title of doctor applied to scholars of law. The degree and title were not applied to scholars of other disciplines until the 13th century. And at the University of Bologna from its founding in the 12th century until the end of the 20th century the only degree conferred was the doctorate, usually earned after five years of intensive study after secondary school. The rising of the doctor of philosophy to its present level is a modern novelty. At its origins, a doctorate was simply a qualification for a guild—that of teaching law.
/m/0j90s	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn, and featuring Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton. The film contains a positive representation of the controversial subject of interracial marriage, which historically had been illegal in most states of the United States, and still was illegal in 17 states—mostly Southern states—until 12 June 1967, six months before the film was released, roughly two weeks after Tracy filmed his final scene, when anti-miscegenation laws were struck down by the Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia. The film was produced and directed by Stanley Kramer and written by William Rose. The movie's Oscar-nominated score was composed by Frank DeVol.\nThe film is notable for being the ninth and final on-screen pairing of Tracy and Hepburn, with filming ending just 17 days before Tracy's death. Hepburn never saw the completed film, saying the memories of Tracy were too painful. The film was released in December 1967, six months after his death.
/m/07th_	The University of Oslo, formerly The Royal Frederick University, is the oldest and largest university in Norway, located in the Norwegian capital of Oslo. The university is recognized as one of Northern Europe's most prestigious universities. The Academic Ranking of World Universities has ranked it the 67th best university in the world.\nThe university has approximately 27,700 students and employs around 6,000 people. Its faculties include Theology, Law, Medicine, Humanities, Mathematics, Natural Sciences, Social Sciences, Dentistry, and Education. The university's original neoclassical campus is located in the centre of Oslo; it is currently occupied by the Faculty of Law. Most of the university's other faculties are located at the newer Blindern campus in the suburban West End. The Faculty of Medicine is split between several university hospitals in the Oslo area.\nThe university was founded in 1811 and was modelled after the University of Copenhagen and the recently established University of Berlin. It was originally named for King Frederick VI of Denmark and Norway, and received its current name in 1939. The university is informally also known as Universitetet, having been the only university in Norway until 1946, and was commonly referred to as \"The Royal Frederick's\" prior to the name change.
/m/017_hq	The B-52s are an American New Wave band, formed in Athens, Georgia in 1976. The original line-up consisted of Fred Schneider, Kate Pierson, Cindy Wilson, Ricky Wilson, and Keith Strickland. Following Ricky Wilson's death in 1985 Strickland switched full-time to guitar. The band subsequently added various musicians for their live shows. This included Sara Lee or Tracy Wormworth on, Zachary Alford or Sterling Campbell on and Pat Irwin or Paul Gordon.\nRooted in new wave and 1960s rock and roll, the group later covered many genres ranging from post-punk to pop rock. The \"guy vs. gals\" vocals of Schneider, Pierson, and Wilson, sometimes used in call and response style, are a trademark. Presenting themselves as a positive, fun, enthusiastic, slightly oddball and goofy party band, the B-52's tell tall tales, glorify wild youth and celebrate sexy romance.
/m/03czz87	Survivor is the American version of the Survivor reality game show, itself derived from the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson originally created in 1997 by Charlie Parsons. The series premiered on May 31, 2000, on CBS. It is hosted by television personality Jeff Probst, who is also an executive producer, and also executive produced by Mark Burnett and original creator, Charlie Parsons.\nThe show maroons a group of strangers in a desolate locale, where they must provide food, water, fire, and shelter for themselves, while competing in challenges to earn either a reward, or an immunity from expulsion from the game in the next of the successive votes for elimination. While much less common than elimination by vote, medical conditions, such as injury or infection, have eliminated several contestants. The last two or three survivors face a jury composed of the last seven, eight, or nine players voted off. That jury interrogates the final few, and then votes for the winner of the game, the title of Sole Survivor and a million dollar prize.\nThe American version has been very successful. From the 2000–01 through the 2005–06 television seasons its first eleven seasons rated amongst the top ten most watched shows. It is commonly considered the leader of American reality TV because it was the first highly rated and profitable reality show on broadcast television in the USA, and is considered one of the best shows of the 2000s. The series has been nominated for several Emmy Awards, including winning for Outstanding Sound Mixing in 2001, Outstanding Special Class Program in 2002, and was subsequently nominated four times for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program when the category was introduced in 2003. Jeff Probst has won the award for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program four consecutive times since the award was introduced in 2008. In 2007, the series was included in Time magazine's list of the 100 greatest TV shows of all-time.
/m/0g1rw	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc., is an American media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of films and television programs. Once the largest and most glamorous of film studios, MGM was founded in 1924 when the entertainment entrepreneur Marcus Loew gained control of Metro Pictures, Goldwyn Pictures Corporation and Louis B. Mayer Pictures. Its headquarters are in Beverly Hills, California.\nOn November 3, 2010, MGM filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. MGM emerged from bankruptcy on December 20, 2010, at which time the executives of Spyglass Entertainment, Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum, became co-Chairmen and co-CEOs of the holding company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
/m/03ckxdg	Elizabeth Page is an American writer, director and filmmaker. She has written and directed for the stage, film and television.
/m/06r3p2	Shirley Enola Knight is an American stage, film, and television actress. She has been nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, in 1960 for The Dark at the Top of the Stairs and in 1962 for Sweet Bird of Youth, eight times for Emmy Awards, and has also netted a Golden Globe and Volpi Cup for Best Actress for her role in the 1967 film Dutchman.
/m/0bdw6t	This is a list of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series winners.
/m/0bkg4	Brian Harold May CBE is an English musician, singer, songwriter and astrophysicist who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the rock band Queen. He uses a home-built guitar, called the \"Red Special\". Queen's albums include numerous May compositions, including \"Tie Your Mother Down\", \"I Want It All\", \"We Will Rock You\", \"Fat Bottomed Girls\" and \"Who Wants to Live Forever\".\nHe was appointed a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 2005 for \"services to the music industry and for charity work\". May attained a Ph.D in astrophysics from Imperial College in 2007 and was Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University from 2008 to 2013. He resides in Windlesham, Surrey. He is an active animal rights advocate and was appointed a vice-president of animal welfare charity the RSPCA in September 2012.\nIn 2005, a Planet Rock poll saw May voted the 7th greatest guitarist of all time. He was ranked at No. 26 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\". In 2012, May was ranked the 2nd greatest guitarist of all time by a Guitar World magazine readers poll.
/m/0ch6mp2	A production sound mixer, location sound recordist, location sound engineer or simply sound mixer is the member of a film crew or television crew responsible for recording all sound recording on set during the filmmaking or television production using professional audio equipment, for later inclusion in the finished product, or for reference to be used by the sound designer, sound effects editors, or foley artists. This requires choice and deployment of microphones, choice of recording media, and mixing of audio signals in real time.\nUsually, the recordist will arrive on location with his/her own equipment, which normally includes microphones, radio systems, booms, mixing desk, audio storage, headphones, cables, tools, and a small amount of stationery for making notes and logs. The recordist may be asked to capture a wide variety of sound on location, and must also consider the format of the finished product. The recorded production sound track is later combined with other elements or re-recorded by automatic dialogue replacement.\nOften when filming on video, the sound recordist may record audio directly onto the camera rather than use a separate medium, although a separate copy is often made, as it both provides an extra copy which may have more tracks and also may include other sound captured without the camera.
/m/0l6px	Dame Margaret Natalie \"Maggie\" Smith, DBE is an English actress. She made her stage debut in 1952 and has had an extensive, varied career in stage, film and television spanning over sixty years. Smith has appeared in over 50 films and is one of Britain's most recognisable actresses. In 1990, she was made a Dame for services to the performing arts by Queen Elizabeth II.\nShe first drew praise for the crime film Nowhere to Go, for which she received her first BAFTA Award nomination. Her 1965 film role as Desdemona, in William Shakespeare's Othello, earned her an Academy Award nomination and a Golden Globe nomination. Since then Smith has worked consistently in film, television and stage, establishing herself as one of the most respected British actresses.\nSmith is known for often playing snobbish and haughty characters. Her most notable films include The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, Travels with My Aunt, Murder by Death, California Suite, Death on the Nile, Evil Under the Sun, A Private Function, A Room with a View, The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne, Gosford Park and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. She has also appeared in a number of widely popular films, including Clash of the Titans, Hook, both Sister Act films, and as Professor Minerva McGonagall in the highly successful Harry Potter film series. She currently stars in the critically acclaimed drama Downton Abbey as Violet Crawley, the Dowager Countess of Grantham, for which she has won a Golden Globe, two Screen Actors Guild awards and two consecutive Emmy awards.
/m/01hbgs	Increasing age as a risk factor refers to older adults and the elderly.
/m/03w1lf	The Film and Television Institute of India, is an autonomous Institute under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Govt. of India. It is aided in parts by Central Government of India. It is situated in the premises of the erstwhile Prabhat Film Company in Pune, India. Since its inception in 1960, FTII has become India's premier film and television institute, with its alumni becoming biggest known actors and directors in the Indian film industry.\nFTII is a member of CILECT, an organization of the world's leading schools of film and television. Dharmendra Jai Narain is the present Director of Film and Television Institute of India.
/m/0c5x_	The University of California, Irvine, is a public research university located in Irvine, California, and one of the 10 general campuses in the University of California system. UCI's Orange County campus is the fifth-largest in the UC system, with over 28,000 students, 1,100 faculty members and 9,000 staff. Times Higher Education in 2013 ranked UC Irvine 1st among all US universities and 5th among the top 100 global universities under 50 years old.\nUC Irvine is considered a Public Ivy and offers 80 undergraduate degrees and 98 graduate and professional degrees. The university is designated as having very high research activity in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, and in 2009 had $325.49 million in research and development expenditures according to the National Science Foundation. UC Irvine became a member of the Association of American Universities in 1996, and is the youngest university to hold membership. The university also administers the UC Irvine Medical Center, a large teaching hospital; the UC Irvine Health Sciences system in the City of Orange; the University of California, Irvine, Arboretum; and a portion of the University of California Natural Reserve System.
/m/0ygbf	Winston-Salem is a city in the state of North Carolina, with a 2012 estimated population of 234,349. Winston-Salem is the county seat and largest city of Forsyth County and the fifth largest city in the state.\nWinston-Salem is the second largest municipality in the Piedmont Triad region and is home to the tallest office building in the region, 100 North Main Street, formerly the Wachovia Building and now known locally as the Wells Fargo Center. Winston-Salem is called the \"Twin City\" for its dual heritage and \"City of the Arts and Innovation\" for its dedication to fine arts and theater and technological research. \"Camel City\" is a reference to the city's historic involvement in the tobacco industry related to locally based R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company's popular Camel cigarettes. Winston-Salem is also known for its traditional furniture company. Many locals refer to the city as \"Winston\" in informal speech. \"The Dash\" is referenced from the hyphen between Winston and Salem and was popularized by the nickname of the local minor league baseball team, the Winston-Salem Dash.\nIn 2013, the U.S. Office of Management and Budget reconfigured the Winston-Salem MSA by adding the Thomasville–Lexington micropolitan statistical area. The official 2010 Census population for the redefined Winston-Salem, North Carolina MSA was 640,595; according to 2012 Census estimates, the population was 647,697. The Greensboro – Winston-Salem – High Point combined statistical area, popularly referred to as the Piedmont Triad, had a population of 1,611,243 according to 2012 Census estimates.
/m/03x82v	Juan Esteban Aristizábal Vásquez, better known as Juanes, is a Colombian musician who was a member of the heavy metal band Ekhymosis and is now a solo artist. In 2000, his solo debut album Fíjate Bien won three Latin Grammy Awards. According to his record label, Juanes has sold more than 15 million albums worldwide.\nRaised in Medellín, Colombia, Juanes began playing guitar at age seven. At age 15, He started his first band, Ekhymosis, in 1988, which went on to release five albums, achieving recognition in his native Colombia. The track \"Sólo\" from the album \"Niño Gigante\" in 1992 was very popular. In 1997 after the band broke up, Juanes continued solo and in 2000 he released the album, Fíjate Bien, which earned him three Latin Grammys. His follow-up album, Un Dia Normal, was released in 2002 and was later certified platinum in multiple countries throughout Latin America. Juanes' third album, Mi Sangre, which becomes an international bestseller, managing to position well in a number of countries around the world, achieved success due to the single \"La Camisa Negra\". He has since released La Vida... Es Un Ratico and P.A.R.C.E.. On May 29, 2012 Juanes released the album Juanes MTV Unplugged.
/m/02jfc	Education in its general sense is a form of learning in which the knowledge, skills, and habits of a group of people are transferred from one generation to the next through teaching, training, or research. Education frequently takes place under the guidance of others, but may also be autodidactic. Any experience that has a formative effect on the way one thinks, feels, or acts may be considered educational. Education is commonly divided into stages such as preschool, primary school, secondary school and then college, university or apprenticeship.\nA right to education has been recognized by some governments. At the global level, Article 13 of the United Nations' 1966 International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights recognises the right of everyone to an education. Although education is compulsory in most places up to a certain age, attendance at school often isn't, and a minority of parents choose home-schooling, e-learning or similar for their children.
/m/034h1h	The Association of American Universities is an international organization of leading research universities devoted to maintaining a strong system of academic research and education. It consists of 60 universities in the United States and two universities in Canada.
/m/08gsvw	Quantum of Solace is the twenty-second James Bond film produced by Eon Productions, and is the direct sequel to the 2006 film Casino Royale. Directed by Marc Forster, it features Daniel Craig's second performance as James Bond. In the film, Bond seeks revenge for the death of his lover, Vesper Lynd, and is assisted by Camille Montes, who is plotting revenge for the murder of her family. The trail eventually leads them to wealthy businessman Dominic Greene, a member of the Quantum organisation, who intends to stage a coup d'état in Bolivia to seize control of that country's water supply.\nProducer Michael G. Wilson developed the film's plot while Casino Royale was being shot. Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, Paul Haggis and Joshua Zetumer contributed to the script. Daniel Craig and Marc Forster had to write some sections themselves due to the Writers Strike, though they were not given the screenwriter credit in the final cut. The title was chosen from a 1959 short story in Ian Fleming's For Your Eyes Only, though the film does not contain any elements of the original story. Location filming took place in Mexico, Panama, Chile, Italy, Austria and Wales while interior sets were built and filmed at Pinewood Studios. Forster aimed to make a modern film that also featured classic cinema motifs: a vintage Douglas DC-3 was used for a flight sequence, and Dennis Gassner's set designs are reminiscent of Ken Adam's work on several early Bond films. Taking a course away from the usual Bond villains, Forster rejected any grotesque appearance for the character Dominic Greene to emphasise the hidden and secret nature of the film's contemporary villains.
/m/0xhj2	Manchester is the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire, the tenth largest city in New England, and the largest city in northern New England, an area comprising the states of Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont. It is in Hillsborough County along the banks of the Merrimack River, which divides the city into eastern and western sections. Manchester is near the northern end of the Northeast megalopolis. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 109,565, and its 2012 population estimate was 110,209. The Manchester-Nashua metropolitan area, with an estimated population in 2012 of 402,922, is home to nearly one-third of the population of New Hampshire.\nManchester often appears favorably in lists ranking the affordability and livability of American cities. In 2009, CNNMoney.com rated Manchester 13th in a list of the 100 best cities to live and launch a business in the United States. In addition, Kiplinger voted Manchester the second most tax-friendly city in the United States, second only to Anchorage, Alaska. Also in 2009, Forbes magazine ranked the Manchester region first on its list of \"America's 100 Cheapest Places to Live.\" According to the Equality of Opportunity Project, released in 2013, Manchester ranked as the seventh best metropolitan area in terms of upward income mobility in the United States.
/m/030cx	Friends is an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, which originally aired for ten seasons on NBC from September 22, 1994 to May 6, 2004. It revolves around a circle of friends living in Manhattan, a borough of New York City. The series was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television. The original executive producers were Kevin S. Bright, Marta Kauffman, and David Crane, with numerous others being promoted in later seasons.\nKauffman and Crane began developing Friends under the title Insomnia Cafe between November and December 1993. They presented the idea to Bright, with whom they had previously worked, and together they pitched a seven-page treatment of the series to NBC. After several script rewrites and changes, including a second title change to Friends Like Us, the series was finally named Friends and premiered on NBC's coveted Thursday 8:30 pm time slot. Filming for the series took place at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California in front of a live studio audience. The series finale, airing on May 6, 2004, was watched by around 52.5 million American viewers, making it the fourth most watched series finale in television history and the most watched episode of the decade.
/m/02rgz97	Mark Irwin, A.S.C., C.S.C. is a Canadian cinematographer.\nHe was born in Toronto. He studied Political science at the University of Waterloo and Filmmaking at the York University.\nHe is famous for early David Cronenberg films such as Fast Company, Scanners, Videodrome, The Dead Zone, and The Fly. Irwin has also been a main collaborator for several directors such as Wes Craven, Todd Phillips and The Farrelly brothers.
/m/04hvw	Lesotho, officially the Kingdom of Lesotho, is a landlocked country completely surrounded by South Africa. It is just over 30,000 km² in size and has a population slightly over two million. Its capital and largest city is Maseru. Lesotho is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations. The name Lesotho translates roughly into the land of the people who speak Sotho. About 40% of the population lives below the international poverty line of US $1.25 a day.
/m/0d6b7	Metropolis is a 1927 German expressionist epic science-fiction film directed by Fritz Lang. The film was written by Lang and his wife Thea von Harbou, and starred Brigitte Helm, Gustav Fröhlich, Alfred Abel and Rudolf Klein-Rogge. A silent film, it was produced in the Babelsberg Studios by UFA.\nMetropolis is regarded as a pioneer work of science fiction movies, being the first feature length movie of the genre.\nMade in Germany during the Weimar Period, Metropolis is set in a futuristic urban dystopia, and follows the attempts of Freder, the wealthy son of the city's ruler, and Maria, whose background is not fully explained in the film, to overcome the vast gulf separating the classes of their city. Metropolis was filmed in 1925, at a cost of approximately five million Reichsmarks. Thus, it was the most expensive film ever released up to that point.\nThe film was met with a mixed response upon its initial release, with many critics praising its technical achievements and social metaphors while others derided its \"simplistic and naïve\" presentation. Because of its long running-time and the inclusion of footage which censors found questionable, Metropolis was cut substantially after its German premiere: large portions of the film were lost over the subsequent decades.
/m/02s2lg	The Denmark national football team represents Denmark in association football and is controlled by the Danish Football Association, the governing body for the football clubs which are organized under DBU. Denmark's home ground is Parken Stadium in Østerbro, and their head coach is Morten Olsen.\nDenmark was the winners of football at the Intercalated Games in 1906 and silver in the Olympics of 1908 and 1912. However, as amateurs who prohibited their internationals from becoming professionals at foreign clubs, Denmark did not qualify for the World Cup until 1986, although they won another Olympic silver in 1960.\nSince 1983, the team has continuously been visible as a solidly competitive side, with the triumph in the 1992 European Championships in Sweden as its most prominent victory, beating the European champions from Netherlands in the semifinal, and the World champions from Germany in the final. They also managed to win the 1995 Confederations Cup, defeating Argentina in the final. Their best FIFA World Cup result was achieved in 1998, where they narrowly lost 3–2 in the quarter-final against Brazil.
/m/0l6m5	The 1992 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event celebrated in Barcelona, Spain, in 1992. The International Olympic Committee voted in 1986 to separate the Summer and Winter Games, which had been held in the same year since 1924, and place them in alternating even-numbered years, beginning in 1994. The 1992 Summer Games were the last to be staged in the same year as the Winter Games. Due to the end of the Cold War, these games were the first without boycotts since 1972. In fact the Olympics was the final success of the former Soviet Union, and biggest of the \"Olympic flag\".
/m/0kv9d3	The Painted Veil is a 2006 American drama film directed by John Curran. The screenplay by Ron Nyswaner is based on the 1925 novel of the same title by W. Somerset Maugham. Edward Norton, Naomi Watts, Toby Jones, Anthony Wong Chau Sang and Liev Schreiber appear in the leading roles.\nThis is the third film adaptation of the Maugham book, following a 1934 film starring Herbert Marshall and Greta Garbo and a 1957 version called The Seventh Sin with Bill Travers and Eleanor Parker.
/m/0c7xjb	Jessica Ann Simpson is an American recording artist, actress, television personality and fashion designer who made her debut in 1999. Since that time, Simpson has made many recordings, starred in several television shows, movies and commercials, launched a line of hair and beauty products and designed fragrances, shoes and handbags for women. She has devoted time to philanthropic efforts including Operation Smile and a USO-hosted tour for troops stationed overseas. She started the Jessica Simpson Collection in 2005.\nSimpson rose to fame with the release of her debut single, \"I Wanna Love You Forever\", which peaked inside the Top 5 of the Billboard Hot 100. Subsequently, her debut album Sweet Kisses went on to be certified 2x Platinum in the United States, and sold over four million copies worldwide. Her 2001 single \"Irresistible\" became her second Top 20 hit, while the album of the same name became her first to enter the Top 10 of the Billboard 200, and went on to receive a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America. Her third studio album, In This Skin, went on to become her best selling album worldwide, receiving a 3x Platinum certification from the RIAA and peaking at number 2 on the Billboard 200, her highest charting album to date. Following the release of a Christmas album, Simpson released A Public Affair in 2006, and the album became her third Top 10 hit on the Billboard 200. She ventured into the country music market in 2008 and released Do You Know. In October 2010, she released her first compilation album and last album under the label of Epic Records, with the name Playlist: The Very Best of Jessica Simpson. A month later she released her second Christmas album Happy Christmas under the label eleveneleven and Primary Wave Records. She has achieved seven Billboard Top 40 hits, three gold and two multi-platinum RIAA certified studio albums, four of which have reached the top 10 on the US Billboard 200. Simpson has sold over 30 million albums worldwide. In 2013, VH1 ranked Simpson #32 on their 100 Sexiest Artists of All Time list.
/m/02tr7d	Kelly Macdonald is a Scottish actress, known for her role in the independent film Trainspotting and mainstream releases such as Nanny McPhee, Gosford Park, Intermission, No Country for Old Men, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 and Brave. On television, she is known for her roles in Boardwalk Empire, The Girl in the Café and State of Play.
/m/0xnvg	Italian Americans are an ethnolinguistic group of Americans of Italian ancestry. Italian Americans are the fourth largest European ethnic group in the United States.\nAbout 5.5 million Italians immigrated to the United States from 1820 to 2004. The greatest surge of immigration, which occurred in the period between 1880 and 1920, alone brought more than 4 million Italians to America. About 80% of the Italian immigrants came from Southern Italy, especially from Sicily, Campania, Abruzzo and Calabria. This was a largely agricultural and overpopulated region, where much of the populace had been impoverished by centuries of foreign misrule, and the economic measures imposed on the South after Italian unification in 1861. After unification, the Italian government initially encouraged emigration to relieve economic pressures in the South. After the American Civil War, which resulted in over a half million killed or wounded, immigrant workers were recruited from Italy and elsewhere to fill the labor shortage caused by the war. In the United States, most Italians began their new lives as manual laborers in Eastern cities, mining camps and in agriculture. Italian Americans gradually moved from the lower rungs of the economic scale in the first generation to a level comparable to the national average by 1970. By 1990, more than 65% of Italian Americans were managerial, professional, or white-collar workers. The Italian-American communities have often been characterized by strong ties with family, the Catholic Church, fraternal organizations and political parties. Today, over 17 million Americans claim Italian ancestry.
/m/0byh8j	Kerala, regionally referred to as Keralam, is a state in the south-west region of India on the Malabar coast. It was formed on 1 November 1956 as per the States Reorganisation Act by combining various Malayalam-speaking regions. Spread over 38,863 km² it is bordered by Karnataka to the north and north east, Tamil Nadu to the east and south, and the Lakshadweep Sea to the west. With 33,387,677 inhabitants as per the 2011 census, Kerala is the twelfth largest state by population and is divided into 14 districts. Malayalam is the most widely spoken and official language of the state. The state capital is Thiruvananthapuram, other major cities include Kochi, Kozhikode, Kollam, and Thrissur.\nThe region was a prominent spice exporter from 3000 BCE to 3rd century. The Chera Dynasty was the first powerful kingdom based in Kerala, though it frequently struggled against attacks from the neighbouring Cholas and Pandyas. During the Chera period Kerala remained an international spice trading center. Later, in the 15th century, the lucrative spice trade attracted Portuguese traders to Kerala, and eventually paved the way for the European colonisation of the whole of India. After independence, Travancore and Cochin joined the Republic of India and Travancore-Cochin was given the status of a state. Later, the state was formed in 1956 by merging the Malabar district, Travancore-Cochin, and the taluk of Kasargod, South Kanara.²
/m/0gv2r	Lewis Milestone was a Russian-born American motion picture director. He is known for directing Two Arabian Knights and All Quiet on the Western Front, both of which received Academy Awards for Best Director. He also directed The Front Page, The General Died at Dawn, Of Mice and Men, Ocean's 11, and Mutiny on the Bounty.
/m/01mxnvc	Roy Wood is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He was particularly successful in the 1960s and 1970s as member and co-founder of the bands The Move, Electric Light Orchestra, and Wizzard. As a songwriter, he contributed a number of hits to the repertoire of these bands.
/m/0g8_vp	Canadian Americans are Americans who were born or grew up in Canada and later moved to the United States or a person who was born in America with Canadian ancestry. The term is particularly apt when applied or self-applied to people with strong ties to Canada, such as those who have lived a significant portion of their lives, or were educated, in Canada, and then relocated to the United States. To others, especially for those living in New England or the Mid-Western States, a Canadian-American is one whose ancestors came from Canada.\nThe term Canadian refers to some as nationality, and to others as ethnicity. English-speaking Canadian immigrants easily integrate and assimilate into American culture and society as a result of the cultural similarities and in the vocabulary and accent in spoken English. French-speaking Canadians, because of language, culture, and religion, tend to take longer to assimilate. However, by the 3rd generation, the assimilation is complete, and the Canadian identity is more or less folklore. This took place, even though half of the population of the province of Quebec emigrated to the US between 1840 and 1930. Many New England cities formed Little Canadas, but many of these have gradually disappeared.
/m/02gnh0	California State Polytechnic University, Pomona is a public polytechnic university located in Pomona, California, United States. It is one of two polytechnics in the 23-member California State University system and one of only seven in all of the United States. The university is the second largest campus in the CSU, and with an enrollment of 22,156 students, it is the second largest polytechnic university in the United States.\nThe university is designated a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education by the Department of Homeland Security. Cal Poly is one of three CSUs, and one of only five California institutions with this distinction. The university has the oldest and largest Hospitality Management College in all of California, and one of the largest in the US with over 1,000 students. Additionally, Cal Poly has the largest Civil Engineering student population in the nation. It is the only university in Southern California to grant Bachelor's and Master's degrees in agriculture.\nCal Poly currently offers 94 different Bachelor's degrees, 39 Master's degrees, 13 teaching credentials and a doctorate across 9 distinct academic colleges. The university is one among a small group of polytechnic universities in the United States which tend to be primarily devoted to the instruction of technical arts and applied sciences.
/m/01v40wd	Nasir bin Olu Dara Jones, better known simply as Nas, is an American rapper, songwriter and actor. He is the son of jazz musician Olu Dara. Since 1994, Nas has released eight consecutive platinum and multi-platinum albums and sold over 25 million records worldwide. Aside from rapping and acting, Nas is an entrepreneur through his own record label, retail sneaker store, and magazine publishing. He currently serves as Mass Appeal Magazine's associate publisher as well as an owner of a Fila sneaker store.\nHis musical career began in 1991 when he was featured on Main Source's track \"Live at the Barbeque\". His debut album Illmatic, released in 1994, received universal acclaim from both critics and the hip hop community. It is frequently ranked as one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time. His follow-up album It Was Written debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Charts, stayed on top for four consecutive weeks, went platinum twice in only two months, and made Nas internationally known.\nFrom 2001 to 2005, Nas was involved in a highly publicized feud with rapper Jay-Z. In 2006, Nas signed to Def Jam. In 2010, he released a collaboration album with reggae artist Damian Marley, donating all royalties to charities active in Africa. His tenth studio album, Life Is Good was released in 2012.
/m/02rg_4	Lafayette College is a private coeducational liberal arts and engineering college located in Easton, Pennsylvania, USA. The school, founded in 1826 by James Madison Porter, son of General Andrew Porter of Norristown and the citizens of Easton, first began holding classes in 1832. The founders voted to name the school after General Lafayette, who famously toured the country in 1824–25, as \"a testimony of respect for [his] talents, virtues, and signal services...the great cause of freedom\".\nLocated on College Hill in Easton, the campus is situated in the Lehigh Valley, about 70 mi west of New York City and 60 mi north of Philadelphia. Lafayette College guarantees campus housing to all enrolled students. The school requires students to live in campus housing unless approved for residing in private off-campus housing or home as a commuter.\nThe student body, consisting entirely of undergraduates, comes from 42 U.S. states and 37 countries. Students at Lafayette are involved in over 250 clubs and organizations including athletics, fraternities and sororities, special interest groups, community service clubs and honor societies. Lafayette College's athletic program is notable for The Rivalry with nearby Lehigh University. Since 1884, the two football teams have met 147 times, making it the most played rivalry in the history of college football.
/m/0cx7f	Art rock is a subgenre of rock music that originated in the 1960s with influences from art music. The first usage of the term, according to Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, was in 1968. Art rock was a form of music which wanted to \"extend the limits of rock & roll\", and opted for a more experimental and conceptual outlook on music. Art rock took influences from several genres, notably classical music, yet also jazz in later compositions.\nDue to its classical influences and experimental nature, art rock has often been used synonymously with progressive rock; nevertheless, there are differences between the genres, with progressive putting a greater emphasis on symphony and melody, whilst the former tends to focus on avant-garde and \"novel sonic structure\". Art rock, as a term, can also be used to refer to either classically driven rock, or a progressive rock-folk fusion, making it an eclectic genre. Common characteristics of art rock include album-oriented music divided into compositions rather than songs, with usually complicated and long instrumental sections, symphonic orchestration, and an experimental style. Art rock music was traditionally used within the context of concept records, and its lyrical themes tended to be \"imaginative\", philosophical, and politically oriented.
/m/032l1	Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky, sometimes transliterated Dostoevsky, was a Russian novelist, short story writer, essayist and philosopher. Dostoyevsky's literary works explore human psychology in the context of the troubled political, social, and spiritual atmosphere of 19th-century Russia. He began writing in his 20s, and his first novel, Poor Folk, was published in 1846 when he was 25. His major works include Crime and Punishment, The Idiot, and The Brothers Karamazov. His output consists of eleven novels, three novellas, seventeen short novels and numerous other works. Many literary critics rate him as one of the greatest and most prominent psychologists in world literature.\nBorn in Moscow in 1821, Dostoyevsky was introduced to literature at an early age through fairy tales and legends, and through books by Russian and foreign authors. His mother died in 1837, when he was 15, and around the same time he left school to enter the Nikolayev Military Engineering Institute. After graduating, he worked as an engineer and briefly enjoyed a lavish lifestyle, translating books to earn extra money. In the mid-1840s he wrote his first novel, Poor Folk, which gained him entry into St. Petersburg's literary circles.
/m/02h9_l	Toni Michele Braxton is an American R&B singer-songwriter, pianist, musician, record producer, actress, television personality, and philanthropist. Braxton has won six Grammy Awards, seven American Music Awards, and nine Billboard Music Awards. Throughout the years, she has sold over 66 million records worldwide establishing herself as an R&B icon. Braxton was one of the best-selling female artist of the 1990s, garnering her honorific titles such as the \"Queen of R&B\".\nBraxton topped the Billboard 200 with her 1993 self-titled debut studio album and its hit singles \"Love Shoulda Brought You Home\", \"Another Sad Love Song\", \"Breathe Again\" and \"You Mean the World to Me\". She continued that streak with her second studio album, Secrets, which spawned the number-one hits \"You're Makin' Me High\" and \"Unbreak My Heart\" in 1996. Although she had successful albums and singles, Braxton filed for bankruptcy in 1998, but then returned with her chart-topping third album, The Heat in 2000, which included the international hit single \"He Wasn't Man Enough\". In 2009, she returned to the spotlight with \"Yesterday\", a No. 12 R&B hit which served as the first single from her new album Pulse, released on May 4, 2010, which debuted at No. 1 on Billboard R&B Album Chart. Braxton was involved in the 7th season of the reality show Dancing with the Stars. Her professional partner was Alec Mazo. She was voted off in week five of the competition. It was announced on October 6, 2010 that Braxton had once again filed for bankruptcy and was reporting somewhere between $1–$50 million in debts. Braxton was later discharged of her debt. A reality series entitled Braxton Family Values, starring Toni and her sisters, debuted April 12, 2011 on WE tv. WE tv ordered a 13-episode second season of the show after the third episode of the first season. On September 18, 2011, Braxton was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. Braxton released the single \"Hurt You\" from her upcoming duet album with Babyface entitled Love, Marriage & Divorce and as of December 2013 it marks her seventh Billboard Adult R&B No. 1 on the chart.
/m/028tv0	Lead guitar is a guitar part which plays melody lines, instrumental fill passages, guitar solos, and occasionally, some riffs within a song structure. The lead is the featured guitar, which usually plays single-note-based lines or double-stops. In rock, heavy metal, blues, jazz, punk, fusion, some pop, and other music styles, lead guitar lines are usually supported by a second guitarist who plays rhythm guitar, which consists of accompaniment chords and riffs.
/m/08b8vd	Laraine Day was an American actress and a former Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star.
/m/05vjt6	Club Deportivo Tenerife, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, in the Canary Islands. Founded in 1912, it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home matches at Estadio Heliodoro Rodríguez López, with a 24,000-seat capacity.
/m/03dpqd	Miriam Margolyes, OBE is a British character actress and voice artist. Her earliest roles were in theatre and after several supporting roles in film and television she won a BAFTA Award for her role in The Age of Innocence and went on to play the role of Professor Sprout in the Harry Potter film series.
/m/02j8nx	Mark Gatiss is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter and novelist. He is known as a member of the comedy team The League of Gentlemen alongside Reece Shearsmith, Steve Pemberton and co-writer Jeremy Dyson, and has both written for and acted in the TV series Doctor Who and Sherlock, the latter of which he also co-created.
/m/014mlp	A Bachelor of Arts, from the Latin artium baccalaureus, is a bachelor's degree awarded for an undergraduate course or program in either the liberal arts, the sciences, or both. Bachelor of Arts degree programs generally take three to four years depending on the country, academic institution, and specific majors or minors.\nDiplomas generally give the name of the institution, signatures of officials of the institution, the type of degree conferred, the conferring authority and the location at which the degree is conferred. Degree diplomas generally are printed on high quality paper or parchment; individual institutions set the preferred abbreviation for their degrees.\nThe Bachelor of Arts degree is usually attained in four years in Lebanon, Armenia, Greece, Bangladesh, Azerbaijan, Brazil and the rest of Latin America, Canada, Egypt, Iran, Japan, Nigeria, Serbia, Pakistan, the Philippines, Thailand, the Russian Federation, Republic of Ireland, South Korea, Iraq, Tunisia, Kuwait, Turkey, and the United States.\nIn contrast, the Bachelor of Arts degree course generally lasts three years in nearly all of the European Union. It also takes three years in Albania, Australia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, India, Israel, New Zealand, Iceland, Norway, Singapore, the Caribbean, South Africa, Switzerland, and the Canadian province of Quebec.
/m/02y7sr	Michael Andrew \"Duff\" McKagan is an American musician and writer. He is best known for his twelve-year tenure as the bassist of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. During his later years with the band, he released a solo album, Believe in Me, and formed the short-lived supergroup Neurotic Outsiders.\nFollowing his departure from Guns N' Roses in 1997, McKagan briefly reunited with his pre-success Seattle punk band 10 Minute Warning. He then formed the still-active hard rock band Loaded, in which he performs lead vocals and rhythm guitar. Between 2002 and 2008, he played bass in the supergroup Velvet Revolver with his former Guns N' Roses band mates Slash and Matt Sorum. He joined Jane's Addiction for a brief tenure in 2010. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 as a member of Guns N' Roses.\nIn addition to his musical career, McKagan has established himself as a writer. He has written weekly columns on a wide variety of topics for SeattleWeekly.com, Playboy.com, and ESPN.com. A former high school drop-out, he attended Seattle University's Albers School of Business and Economics in the early 2000s, and subsequently founded the wealth management firm Meridian Rock.
/m/05f4vxd	Glee is an American teen musical comedy-drama television series that airs on the Fox network in the United States. It focuses on the reconstituted William McKinley High School glee club, New Directions, which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with relationships, sexuality, social issues, and learning to become an effective team. The initial twelve-member main cast encompassed new club director and Spanish teacher Will Schuester, cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester, guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury, Will's wife Terri, and eight club members played by Dianna Agron, Chris Colfer, Kevin McHale, Lea Michele, Cory Monteith, Amber Riley, Mark Salling, and Jenna Ushkowitz. In subsequent seasons, the main cast has expanded to fourteen and fifteen members.\nThe series was created by Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Ian Brennan, the last of whom first conceived of Glee as a film. The three wrote all of the show's episodes for the first two seasons, and Murphy and Falchuk initially served as the show's main directors. The pilot episode was broadcast on May 19, 2009, and the first season aired from September 9, 2009, to June 8, 2010. Subsequent seasons have begun airing in September and ended in May; the fifth season premiered on September 26, 2013, and a sixth season has already been commissioned. Glee features on-screen performance-based musical numbers that are selected by Murphy, who aims to maintain a balance between show tunes and chart hits, and produced by Adam Anders and Peer Åström. Songs covered in the show are released through the iTunes Store during the week of broadcast, and a series of Glee albums have been released by Columbia Records. The music of Glee has been a commercial success, with over thirty-six million digital single sales and eleven million album sales worldwide through October 2011. The series' merchandise also includes DVD and Blu-ray releases, an iPad application, and karaoke games for the Wii. There were live concert tours by the show's cast after the first and second seasons completed shooting; a concert film based on the 2011 tour, Glee: The 3D Concert Movie, was produced by Murphy and Fox and directed by Kevin Tancharoen.
/m/06d4h	Racism is actions, practices or beliefs, or social or political systems that consider different races to be ranked as inherently superior or inferior to each other, based on presumed shared inheritable traits, abilities, or qualities. It may also hold that members of different races should be treated differently. While most conceptualizations of racism include the notion of \"race based discrimination\", the exact definition is controversial both because there is little scholarly agreement about the meaning of the concept \"race\", and because there is also little agreement about what does and does not constitute discrimination.\nSome definitions consider that any assumption that a person's behavior would be influenced by their racial categorization is inherently racist, regardless of whether the action is intentionally harmful or pejorative, because stereotyping necessarily subordinates individual identity to group identity. In sociology and psychology, a common view distinguishes prejudice from racism, holding that racism is best understood as 'prejudice plus power' because without the support of political or economic power, prejudice would not be able to manifest as a pervasive cultural, institutional or social phenomenon. Other definitions only include consciously malignant forms of discrimination. Among the questions about how to define racism are the question of whether to include forms of discrimination that are unintentional, such as making assumptions about preferences or abilities of others based on racial stereotypes, whether to include symbolic or institutionalized forms of discrimination such as the circulation of ethnic stereotypes through the media, and whether to include the socio-political dynamics of social stratification that sometimes have a racial component. Some definitions of racism also include discriminatory behaviors and beliefs based on cultural, national, ethnic, caste, or religious stereotypes. Some critics of the term argue that the term is applied differentially, with a focus on such prejudices by whites, and in ways that define mere observations of any possible differences between races as racism.
/m/0288zy	Mills College is an independent liberal arts and sciences college in the San Francisco Bay Area. Originally founded in 1852 as a young ladies' seminary in Benicia, California, Mills became the first women's college west of the Rockies. Currently, Mills is an undergraduate women's college in Oakland, California, with graduate programs for women and men. The college offers more than 40 undergraduate majors, 33 minors, and over 25 graduate degrees, certificates, and credentials. The college is the home of the Mills College School of Education and the Lorry I. Lokey Graduate School of Business.\nIn 2013, U.S. News & World Report ranked Mills fifth overall among colleges and universities in the Western U.S. and one of the top colleges and universities in the Western U.S. in \"Great Schools, Great Prices,\" which evaluated the quality of institutions' academics against the cost of attendance. The Princeton Review ranks Mills as one of the Best 378 Colleges and one of the top \"green\" colleges in the U.S. Washington Monthly ranks Mills as one of the top 10 master's universities in the U.S.
/m/01gct2	Timothy Theodore \"Tim\" Duncan nicknamed \"The Big Fundamental\" is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association. The 6-foot 11-inch, 250-pound power forward/center is a four-time NBA champion, two-time NBA MVP, three-time NBA Finals MVP, and NBA Rookie of the Year. He is a 14-time NBA All-Star and the only player in NBA history to be selected to both All-NBA and All-Defensive Teams during each of his first 13 seasons.\nDuncan started out as a swimmer and only began playing basketball in ninth grade after Hurricane Hugo destroyed the only Olympic-sized pool on his home of St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. He soon became a standout for St. Dunstan's Episcopal High School, and had an illustrious college career with the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons, winning the Naismith College Player of the Year, USBWA College Player of the Year and John Wooden awards in his final year. Duncan graduated from college before entering the 1997 NBA Draft as the number one pick. His list of accomplishments, remarkable consistency, and leadership in the Spurs' NBA championship runs in 1999, 2003, 2005, and 2007 have led basketball experts to consider him to be one of the greatest players in NBA history.
/m/01yz0x	The Hugo Award for Best Novel is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The novel award is available for works of fiction of 40,000 words or more; awards are also given out in the short story, novelette, and novella categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually since 1953, except in 1954 and 1957. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for 50, 75, or 100 years prior. Retro Hugos may only be awarded for years in which a World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, was hosted, but no awards were originally given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for novels for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five novels on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. The 1953 through 1958 awards did not include any recognition of runner-up novels, but since 1959 all five candidates have been recorded. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/02g3gj	The Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for works containing quality vocal performances in the dance music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Dance Recording was first presented to Donna Summer and Giorgio Moroder in 1998 for the song \"Carry On\". In 2003, the Academy moved the category from the \"Pop\" field into a new \"Dance\" field, which currently contains the category Best Electronica/Dance Album as well. According to the Academy, the award is designated for solo, duo, group or collaborative performances, and is limited to singles or tracks only. Award recipients have often included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.\nSkrillex and Justin Timberlake are the only artists to win the award more than once, with a total of two. Since its inception, American artists have been presented with the award more than any other nationality, though it has been presented to musicians or groups originating from the United Kingdom twice, and from Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, France, and Italy once. Madonna holds the record for the most nominations, with five. Gloria Estefan holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with three.
/m/01x72k	Claire Antonia Forlani is an English actress. She is best known for her roles in films such as Mallrats, Basquiat and Meet Joe Black.
/m/02b25y	Andrea Angel Bocelli, OMRI, OMDSM is an Italian tenor, and singer-songwriter. Born with poor eyesight, he became blind at the age of twelve following a football accident.\nSince winning the Newcomers section of the Sanremo Music Festival in 1994, Bocelli has recorded fourteen solo studio albums, of both pop and classical music, three greatest hits albums, and nine complete operas, selling over 80 million records worldwide. Thus, he has had success as a cross-over performer bringing classical music to the top of international pop charts.\nIn 1998, he was named one of People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People. In 1999, he was nominated for Best New Artist at the Grammy Awards. \"The Prayer\", his duet with Celine Dion for the animated film Quest for Camelot, won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated for an Academy Award in the same category. With the release of his classical album, Sacred Arias, Bocelli captured a listing in the Guinness Book of World Records, as he simultaneously held the top 3 positions on the US Classical Albums charts. Seven of his albums have since reached the top 10 on the Billboard 200, and a record-setting 10 have topped the classical crossover albums charts in the United States.
/m/0k4d7	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a 1937 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. Based on the German fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm, it is the first full-length cel animated feature film and the earliest in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story was adapted by storyboard artists Dorothy Ann Blank, Richard Creedon, Merrill De Maris, Otto Englander, Earl Hurd, Dick Rickard, Ted Sears and Webb Smith. David Hand was the supervising director, while William Cottrell, Wilfred Jackson, Larry Morey, Perce Pearce, and Ben Sharpsteen directed the film's individual sequences.\nSnow White premiered at the Carthay Circle Theatre on December 21, 1937, followed by a nationwide release on February 4, 1938, and with international earnings of $8 million during its initial release briefly assumed the record of highest grossing sound film at the time. The popularity of the film has led to it being re-released theatrically many times, until its home video release in the 1990s. Adjusted for inflation, it is one of the top ten performers at the North American box office.\nAt the 11th Academy Awards, Walt Disney was awarded an honorary Oscar, and the film was nominated for Best Musical Score. It was added to the United States National Film Registry in 1989 and is ranked in the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films, who also named the film as the greatest American animated film of all time in 2008.
/m/09cm54	The New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor is one of the awards given by the New York Film Critics Circle to honor the finest achievements in filmmaking.\nIn the last two decades, the Circle agreed with the Oscars on 7 occasions: 1995 Nicolas Cage for Leaving Las Vegas, 1996 Geoffrey Rush for Shine, 2006 Forest Whitaker for The Last King of Scotland, 2007 Daniel Day-Lewis for There Will Be Blood, 2008 Sean Penn for Milk, 2010 Colin Firth for The King's Speech, and 2012 Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln .
/m/07q0g5	Jennifer Leann Carpenter is an American actress. Carpenter is best known for playing Debra Morgan on the hit Showtime drama series Dexter, for which she won a Saturn Award in 2009.
/m/0c4z8	The Grammy Award for Song of the Year is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"
/m/017g21	George Roger Waters is an English musician, singer, songwriter and composer. In 1965, he co-founded the progressive rock band Pink Floyd with drummer Nick Mason, keyboardist Richard Wright and guitarist, singer and songwriter Syd Barrett. Waters initially served as the group's bassist and co-lead vocalist, but following the departure of Barrett in 1968, he also became their lyricist and conceptual leader.\nPink Floyd subsequently achieved international success with the concept albums The Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals, The Wall and The Final Cut. By the early 1980s, they had become one of the most critically acclaimed and best-selling acts in the history of popular music; as of 2013, they have sold more than 250 million albums worldwide, including 74.5 million units sold in the United States. Amid creative differences within the group, Waters left in 1985 and began a legal dispute with the remaining members over their intended use of the band's name and material. They settled out of court in 1987, and nearly eighteen years had passed before he performed with them again.\nWaters' solo career has included three studio albums: The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking, Radio K.A.O.S. and Amused to Death. In 1990, he staged one of the largest and most extravagant rock concerts in history, The Wall – Live in Berlin, with an official attendance of 200,000. In 1996, he was inducted into the US and the UK Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pink Floyd. In 2005, he released Ça Ira, an opera in three acts translated from Étienne and Nadine Roda-Gils' libretto about the French Revolution. Later that year, he reunited with Pink Floyd bandmates Mason, Wright and David Gilmour for the Live 8 global awareness event; it was the group's first appearance with Waters since 1981. He has toured extensively as a solo act since 1999 and played The Dark Side of the Moon in its entirety for his world tour of 2006–2008. In 2010, he began The Wall Live and in 2011 Gilmour and Mason appeared with him during a performance of the double album in London. As of 2013, the tour is the highest-grossing of all time by a solo artist.
/m/06y611	The Parent Trap is a 1998 romantic comedy film co-written and directed by Nancy Meyers, and produced and co-written by Charles Shyer. It is the second adaptation of Erich Kästner's German novel Lottie and Lisa following the 1961 film of same name and stars Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson as a couple who divorce soon after marrying, and Lindsay Lohan in a dual role as their twin daughters, Hallie Parker and Annie James who are accidentally reunited after being separated at birth. The novel and the 1936 Deanna Durbin film Three Smart Girls are the basis of the screenplay written by David Swift for the 1961 and 1998 film, only the novel is credited however. Meyers and Shyer are credited as co-writers of the 1998 version along with Swift. The film received positive reviews and was a financial success in its first weekend.
/m/01wtlq	Contemporary classical music can be understood as belonging to the period that started in the mid-1970s to early 1990s with the retreat of modernism. However, the term may also be employed in a broader sense to refer to all post-1945 modern musical forms.
/m/06qd3	South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea, is a country in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula. The name Korea is derived from Goryeo, a dynasty which ruled in the Middle Ages. It shares land borders with North Korea to the north, and oversea borders with China to the west and Japan to the east. South Korea lies in the north temperate zone with a predominantly mountainous terrain. It comprises an estimated 50 million residents distributed over 99,392 km². The capital and largest city is Seoul, with a population of 10 million.\nArchaeology indicates that the Korean Peninsula was occupied by the Lower Paleolithic period. The history of Korea begins with the founding of Gojoseon in 2333 BC by the legendary Dangun. Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea under Silla AD 668, Korea was ruled by the Goryeo Dynasty and Joseon Dynasty. It was annexed by the Empire of Japan in 1910. At the end of World War II, Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S. zones of occupation. An election was held in the U.S. zone in 1948 which led to the creation of the Republic of Korea. Although the United Nations passed a resolution declaring the Republic to be the only lawful government in Korea, the Soviets set up a rival government in the North.
/m/02jjt	Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight. It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or events that have developed over thousands of years specifically for the purpose of keeping an audience's attention. Although people's attention is held by different things, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognisable and familiar. Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures, were supported in royal courts, developed into sophisticated forms and over time became available to all citizens. The process has been accelerated in modern times by an entertainment industry which records and sells entertainment products. Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale, ranging from an individual who chooses a private entertainment from a now enormous array of pre-recorded products; to a banquet adapted for two; to any size or type of party, with appropriate music and dance; to performances intended for thousands; and even for a global audience.\nThe experience of being entertained has come to be strongly associated with amusement, so that one common understanding of the idea is fun and laughter, although many entertainments have a serious purpose. This may be the case in the various forms of ceremony, celebration, religious festival, or satire for example. Hence, there is the possibility that what appears as entertainment may also be a means of achieving insight or intellectual growth.
/m/0swbd	The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially the XVIII Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 7-22 February 1998 in Nagano, Japan.\n72 nations and 2,176 participants contested in 7 sports and 68 events at 15 venues. The Games saw the introduction of women's ice hockey, curling and snowboarding. National Hockey League players were allowed to participate in the men's ice hockey.\nThe host was selected on June 15, 1991 over Salt Lake City, Östersund, Jaca and Aosta. They were the third Olympic Games and second winter Olympics to be held in Japan, after the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. The games were succeeded by the 1998 Winter Paralympics from 5 to 14 March.\nBjørn Dæhlie won 3 gold medals in cross-country skiing, making him the Winter Olympic competitor with the most wins ever. Alpine skier Hermann Maier survived a fall in the downhill and went on to win gold in the super-G and giant slalom. Netherlands won 5 of the 10 speed skating events, including 2 each by Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer. Canada beat Denmark in the women's curling final, securing the latter their first Winter Olympic medal ever.
/m/019n8z	The 1988 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games, was a Winter Olympics multi-sport event celebrated in and around Calgary, Alberta, Canada between February 13 and 28, 1988. The host city was selected in 1981, defeating Falun, Sweden and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. Most events took place in Calgary while several skiing events were held in the mountain resorts of Nakiska and Canmore, west of the city.\nA record 57 nations competed and 1,423 athletes participated. The Soviet Union won the most medals at 29, followed by East Germany with 25. As it had in Montreal in 1976, Canada again failed to win a gold medal in an official medal event as the host nation. Finnish ski jumper Matti Nykänen and Dutch speed skater Yvonne van Gennip were individual medal leaders, capturing three gold medals apiece. The Games are also remembered for the \"heroic failure\" of British ski jumper Eddie \"The Eagle\" Edwards and the Winter Olympic debut of the Jamaica national bobsled team.\nThe Calgary Games were at the time the most expensive Olympics ever held, but the organizing committee turned record television and sponsorship revenue into a net surplus that was used to maintain the world-class facilities built for the Olympics and develop the Calgary region into the heart of Canada's elite winter sports program. The five purpose-built venues continue to be used in their original function, and helped Canada develop a Winter Olympic program, which resulted in 26 medals at the next Winter Olympics hosted on Canadian soil.
/m/02xp18	Brian Henson is an American puppeteer, director, producer, and the chairman of The Jim Henson Company. The son of puppeteers Jim and Jane Henson, Brian was born in New York City.
/m/01kstn9	John Cowan Hartford was an American folk, country and bluegrass composer and musician known for his mastery of the fiddle and banjo, as well as for his witty lyrics, unique vocal style, and extensive knowledge of Mississippi River lore. Hartford performed with a variety of ensembles throughout his career, and is perhaps best known for his solo performances where he would interchange the guitar, banjo, and fiddle from song to song. He also invented his own shuffle tap dance move, and clogged on an amplified piece of plywood while he played and sang.
/m/025xt8y	Trey Anastasio is an American guitarist, composer, and vocalist noted for his work with the rock band Phish, and his orchestral \"Evenings with Trey Anastasio\" performed with the New York Philharmonic, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the Baltimore Symphony, the Pittsburgh Symphony, and the Colorado Symphony.\nAnastasio was a 2013 best score Tony award nominee for the Broadway musical Hands on a Hardbody.\nIn addition to his orchestral compositions, he is credited by name as composer of 152 Phish original songs, 140 of them as a solo credit, in addition to 41 credits attributed to the band as a whole.
/m/0bhwhj	An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 Academy Award winning documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim about former United States Vice President Al Gore's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a comprehensive slide show that, by his own estimate made in the film, he has given more than a thousand times.\nPremiering at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and opening in New York City and Los Angeles on May 24, 2006, the documentary was a critical and box-office success, winning 2 Academy Awards for Best Documentary Feature and Best Original Song. The film grossed $24 million in the U.S. and $26 million in the foreign box office, becoming the 9th highest grossing documentary film to date in the United States.\nThe idea to document his efforts came from producer Laurie David who saw his presentation at a town-hall meeting on global warming which coincided with the opening of The Day After Tomorrow. Laurie David was so inspired by Gore's slide show that she, with producer Lawrence Bender, met with Guggenheim to adapt the presentation into a film.\nSince the film's release, An Inconvenient Truth has been credited for raising international public awareness of climate change and reenergizing the environmental movement. The documentary has also been included in science curricula in schools around the world, which has spurred some controversy.
/m/03zyvw	Nancy Marchand was an American actress, whose career encompassed both stage and screen. Standing almost 6 feet tall, she began her career in theatre in 1951. She was perhaps most famous for her television portrayals of Margaret Pynchon on Lou Grant and Livia Soprano on The Sopranos.
/m/0645k5	V for Vendetta is a 2006 American-German action thriller film directed by James McTeigue and written by the Wachowski Brothers, based on the 1982 Vertigo graphic novel of the same name by Alan Moore and David Lloyd. Set in the United Kingdom in a near-future dystopian society, Hugo Weaving portrays V—an anarchist freedom fighter who stages a series of terrorist attacks and attempts to ignite a revolution against the brutal fascist regime that has subjugated the United Kingdom and exterminated its opponents in concentration camps. Natalie Portman plays Evey, a working class girl caught up in V's mission, and Stephen Rea portrays the detective leading a desperate quest to stop V.\nThe film was originally scheduled for release by Warner Bros. on Friday, 4 November 2005, but was delayed; it opened on 17 March 2006, to positive reviews. Alan Moore, having already been disappointed with the film adaptations of two of his other graphic novels, From Hell and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, after reading the script for V for Vendetta refused to view the film and subsequently distanced himself from it. At his own demand, he is not credited.\nThe film has been seen by many political groups as an allegory of oppression by government; libertarians and anarchists have used it to promote their beliefs. Activists belonging to the group Anonymous use the same Guy Fawkes mask popularized by the film when they appear in public at numerous high-profile events, emulating one of its key scenes. Lloyd is quoted saying: \"The Guy Fawkes mask has now become a common brand and a convenient placard to use in protest against tyranny – and I'm happy with people using it, it seems quite unique, an icon of popular culture being used this way.\"
/m/03g90h	Babylon 5: The Gathering is the pilot movie of the science fiction television series Babylon 5. The telefilm aired on February 22, 1993. The events in The Gathering took place approximately one year before the events of the first season of the series.
/m/0f2sx4	I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Barry Fanaro, and starring Adam Sandler and Kevin James as the title characters. The film was released on July 20, 2007, in the United States; August 16, 2007, in Australia; and on September 21, 2007, in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Although the film received negative reviews by critics for its very crude humor and portrayal of gay people, it was a financial success, ranking #1 at the box office. This film is Sandler's first to be released by Universal Studios since Bulletproof in 1996.\nThe film's depiction of same-sex marriage in New York preceded the 2011 enactment of the Marriage Equality Act, which legalized marriage for same-sex couples in the state. At the time of the film's release, the state allowed for residents to file for unregistered cohabitation rights, and various municipal and county governments offered domestic partnership registries.
/m/011zwl	Field Marshal Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig of Bemersyde, KT GCB OM GCVO KCIE ADC was a British senior officer during World War I. He commanded the British Expeditionary Force from 1915 to the end of the war. He was commander during the Battle of the Somme, the battle with one of the highest casualties in British military history, the Third Battle of Ypres, and the Hundred Days Offensive, which led to the armistice in 1918.\nAlthough a popular commander during the immediate post-war years, with his funeral becoming a day of national mourning, Haig has since the 1960s become an object of criticism for his leadership during the First World War. Some called him \"Butcher Haig\" for the two million British casualties under his command, and regard him as representing the very concept of class-based incompetent commanders, stating that he was unable to grasp modern tactics and technologies.\nHowever, Major-General Sir John Davidson, one of Haig's biographers, praised Haig's leadership and since the 1980s some historians have argued that the public hatred in which Haig's name had come to be held failed to recognise the adoption of new tactics and technologies by forces under his command, or the important role played by the British forces in the Allied victory of 1918, and that the high casualties suffered were a function of the tactical and strategic realities of the time.
/m/0kd69	County Armagh is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, situated in the north-east of the island of Ireland. Adjoined to the south shore of Lough Neagh, the county covers an area of 1,326 km², with a population of approximately 174,792. It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland, lying within the historical province of Ulster. County Armagh is known as the \"Orchard County\" because the land is very fertile for apple-growing.
/m/04shbh	Daniel Wroughton Craig is an English actor, best known for playing British secret agent James Bond since 2006. Craig is an alumnus of the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, beginning his career on stage. His early on-screen appearances were in the films Elizabeth, The Power of One and A Kid in King Arthur's Court, and on Sharpe's Eagle and Zorro in television.\nHis appearances in the British films Love Is the Devil, The Trench and Some Voices attracted the industry's attention, leading to roles in bigger productions such as Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Road to Perdition, Layer Cake and Munich. Craig achieved international fame when chosen as the sixth actor to play the role of James Bond in the official series, replacing Pierce Brosnan. Though he was initially greeted with scepticism, his debut in Casino Royale was highly acclaimed and earned him a BAFTA award nomination, with the film becoming the highest-grossing in the series at the time.\nQuantum of Solace followed two years later. His third Bond film, Skyfall, premiered in 2012 and is now the highest-grossing film in the series, as well as the eighth highest-grossing film of all time. In 2006, Craig joined the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Since taking the role of Bond, he has continued to appear in other films, most recently starring in the English language adaptation of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Craig made a guest appearance as Bond in the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games, alongside Queen Elizabeth II.
/m/02l4rh	Kristin A. Scott Thomas, OBE is an English-French actress. She gained international fame in the 1990s for her roles in Bitter Moon, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and The English Patient.\nSince the 1980s, she has also worked in French cinema in films such as the thriller Tell No One and Philippe Claudel's I've Loved You So Long. She has lived in France since she was 19, has brought up her three children in Paris, and says she considers herself more French than British. She was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur in 2005.
/m/0swff	The 1994 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVII Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 12 to 27 February 1994 in and around Lillehammer, Norway. Lillehammer failed to win the bid for the 1992 event. Lillehammer was awarded the 1994 Winter Olympics in 1988, after beating Anchorage, United States; Östersund, Sweden; and Sofia, Bulgaria. The Games were the first to be held in a different year from the Summer Olympics, the first and only one to be held two years after the previous winter games, and the most recent to be held in a small town. The Games were the second winter event hosted in Norway, after the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, and the fourth Olympics in the Nordic Countries, after the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Oslo, and the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.\nWhile many events took place in Lillehammer, skating took place in Hamar, some ice hockey matches were placed in Gjøvik, while Alpine skiing was held in Øyer and Ringebu. Sixty-seven countries and 1,737 athletes participated in six sports and sixty-one events. Fourteen countries made their debut in the Winter Olympics, of which nine were former Soviet republics. The Games also saw the introduction of stricter qualifying rules, reducing the number of under-performing participants from warm-weather countries. New events were two new distances in short track speed skating and aerials, while speed skating was moved indoors. Nearly two million people spectated the games, which were the first to have the Olympic truce in effect. The games were succeeded by the 1994 Paralympics from 10 to 19 March.
/m/015c4g	Robert Selden Duvall is an American actor and director. He has won an Academy Award, two Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards and a BAFTA over the course of his career.\nA veteran actor, Duvall has starred in some of the most acclaimed and popular films and TV shows of all time, among them The Twilight Zone, The Outer Limits, To Kill a Mockingbird, THX 1138, \"Colors\", Joe Kidd, The Godfather, The Godfather Part II, MASH, Network, The Apostle, True Grit, The Conversation, Apocalypse Now, Falling Down, Tender Mercies, The Natural and Lonesome Dove.\nHe began appearing in theater during the late 1950s, moving into television and film roles during the early 1960s in such works as To Kill a Mockingbird and Captain Newman, M.D.. He landed many of his most famous roles during the early 1970s with films like the blockbuster comedy MASH and the lead in George Lucas' THX 1138, as well as Duvall's own favorite, Horton Foote's adaptation of William Faulkner's Tomorrow, a project developed at The Actors Studio. This was followed by a series of critically lauded performances in films which were also commercial successes.
/m/025s0s0	Magnesium is a chemical element with the symbol Mg and atomic number 12. Its common oxidation number is +2. It is an alkaline earth metal and the eighth-most-abundant element in the Earth's crust and ninth in the known universe as a whole. Magnesium is the fourth-most-common element in the Earth as a whole, making up 13% of the planet's mass and a large fraction of the planet's mantle. The relative abundance of magnesium is related to the fact that it easily builds up in supernova stars from a sequential addition of three helium nuclei to carbon. Due to magnesium ion's high solubility in water, it is the third-most-abundant element dissolved in seawater. Magnesium is produced in stars larger than 3 solar masses by fusing helium and neon in the alpha process at temperatures above 600 megakelvins.\nThe free element is not found naturally on Earth, as it is highly reactive. The free metal burns with a characteristic brilliant-white light, making it a useful ingredient in flares. The metal is now obtained mainly by electrolysis of magnesium salts obtained from brine. In commerce, the chief use for the metal is as an alloying agent to make aluminium-magnesium alloys, sometimes called magnalium or magnelium. Since magnesium is less dense than aluminium, these alloys are prized for their relative lightness and strength.
/m/05bpg3	Jeremy Samuel Piven is an American film producer and actor best known for his role as Ari Gold in the television series Entourage for which he has won one Golden Globe Award and three consecutive Emmy Awards as well as several other nominations for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/06l6nj	Charles William Brackett was an American novelist, screenwriter, and film producer.
/m/026sb55	Alan Hume, B.S.C. was an English cinematographer.
/m/045zr	Joni Mitchell, CC, is a Canadian musician, singer songwriter, and painter. Mitchell began singing in small nightclubs in Saskatchewan and Western Canada and then busking in the streets and dives of Toronto. In 1965 she moved to the United States and, touring constantly, began to be recognized when her original songs were covered by notable folk singers, allowing her to sign with Reprise Records and record her own debut album in 1968.\nSettling in Southern California, Mitchell, with popular songs like \"Big Yellow Taxi\" and \"Woodstock\", helped define an era and a generation. Her more starkly personal 1971 recording Blue has been called one of the best albums ever made. Musically restless, Mitchell switched labels and began moving toward jazz rhythms by way of lush pop textures on 1974's Court and Spark, her best-selling LP, featuring the radio hits \"Help Me\" and \"Free Man in Paris\".\nHer wide-ranging vocals and distinctive open-tuned guitar and piano compositions grew more harmonically and rhythmically complex as she explored jazz, melding it with influences of rock and roll, R&B, classical music, and non-western beats. Her run of experimental, jazz-inspired albums, including 1975's The Hissing of Summer Lawns and 1976's Hejira, confused many people and hurt her sales at the time, but they are acclaimed today. In the late 1970s, she began working closely with noted jazz musicians, among them Jaco Pastorius, Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock, Pat Metheny, and Charles Mingus; the latter asked her to collaborate on his final recordings. She turned again toward pop, embraced electronic music, and engaged in political protest.
/m/07xzm	The ukulele sometimes abbreviated to uke, is a member of the guitar family of instruments; it generally employs four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings.\nThe ukulele originated in the 19th century as a Hawaiian interpretation of the machete, a small guitar-like instrument related to the cavaquinho, timple, braguinha and the rajão, taken to Hawaii by Portuguese immigrants, many from the Macaronesian Islands. It gained great popularity elsewhere in the United States during the early 20th century, and from there spread internationally.\nThe tone and volume of the instrument varies with size and construction. Ukuleles commonly come in four sizes: soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone.
/m/01w272y	Raphael Saadiq is an American singer, songwriter, musician, guitarist, and record producer. Saadiq has been a standard bearer for \"old school\" R&B since his early days as a member of the multiplatinum group Tony! Toni! Toné! He also produced songs of such artists as TLC, Joss Stone, D'Angelo, Mary J. Blige, and John Legend.\nHe and D'Angelo were occasional members of The Ummah, a music production collective, composed of members Q-Tip and Ali Shaheed Muhammad of A Tribe Called Quest, and J Dilla of the Detroit-based group Slum Village.\nSaadiq's critically acclaimed album, The Way I See It, released on September 16, 2008, featuring artists Stevie Wonder, Joss Stone, and Jay-Z, received three Grammy Award Nominations and was voted Best Album on iTunes of 2008. His fourth studio album, Stone Rollin', was released on March 25, 2011. For the album, Saadiq worked with steel guitarist Robert Randolph; former Earth, Wind & Fire keyboardist Larry Dunn; Swedish/Japanese indie rock singer Yukimi Nagano; Funk legend Larry Graham plus soul newcomer Taura 'Aura Jackson' Stinson.\nMusic critic Robert Christgau has called Saadiq the \"preeminent R&B artist of the '90s\".
/m/016y_f	Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name. It stars Robert De Niro, Nick Nolte, Jessica Lange and Juliette Lewis and features cameos from Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum and Martin Balsam, who all appeared in the 1962 original film.\nThe film tells the story of a convicted rapist who, using mostly his newfound knowledge of the law and its numerous loopholes, seeks vengeance against a former public defender whom he blames for his 14-year imprisonment due to purposefully faulty defense tactics used during his trial.\nThe film marks the seventh of eight collaborations between Scorsese and De Niro, following Mean Streets, Taxi Driver, New York, New York, Raging Bull, The King of Comedy, Goodfellas, and ending with Casino.\nThe film received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/0gqz2	The Academy Award for Best Original Song is one of the awards given annually to people working in the motion picture industry by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It is presented to the songwriters who have composed the best original song written specifically for a film. The performers of a song are not credited with the Academy Award unless they contributed either to music, lyrics or both in their own right.\nThe award category was introduced at the 7th Academy Awards, the ceremony honoring the best in film for 1934. Nominations are made by Academy members who are songwriters and composers, and the winners are chosen by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/022yb4	Jimmy Smits is an American actor. Smits is perhaps best known for his roles as attorney Victor Sifuentes on the 1980s legal drama L.A. Law, as NYPD Detective Bobby Simone on the 1990s police drama NYPD Blue, and as Matt Santos on The West Wing. He is also notable for his portrayal of Bail Organa in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, and Miguel Prado in Dexter. In the fall of 2010, he starred in NBC's short-lived series Outlaw, about a U.S. Supreme Court justice who leaves the bench to return to practicing law. In 2012, he joined the cast of Sons of Anarchy as high-level pimp Nero Padilla.
/m/02kz_	Ernest Miller Hemingway was an American author and journalist. His economical and understated style had a strong influence on 20th-century fiction, while his life of adventure and his public image influenced later generations. Hemingway produced most of his work between the mid-1920s and the mid-1950s, winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1954. He published seven novels, six short story collections, and two non-fiction works. Three novels, four collections of short stories, and three non-fiction works were published posthumously. Many of his works are considered classics of American literature.\nHemingway was raised in Oak Park, Illinois. After high school he reported for a few months for The Kansas City Star, before leaving for the Italian front to enlist with the World War I ambulance drivers. In 1918, he was seriously wounded and returned home. His wartime experiences formed the basis for his novel A Farewell to Arms. In 1921, he married Hadley Richardson, the first of his four wives. The couple moved to Paris, where he worked as a foreign correspondent and fell under the influence of the modernist writers and artists of the 1920s \"Lost Generation\" expatriate community. The Sun Also Rises, Hemingway's first novel, was published in 1926.
/m/07jjt	Track Cycling is a bicycle racing sport usually held on specially built banked tracks or velodromes using track bicycles.
/m/09d5d5	Jeremy Jack Thomas, CBE is a British film producer, founder of the Recorded Picture Company. He was the producer of Bernardo Bertolucci's The Last Emperor, which won the 1988 Academy Award for Best Picture. In 2006 he received a European Film Award for Outstanding European Achievement in World Cinema. His father was director Ralph Thomas, while his uncle Gerald Thomas directed all of the Carry On Films.
/m/02h40lc	English is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the most widely used language in the world. It is spoken as a first language by the majority populations of several sovereign states, including the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and a number of Caribbean nations; and it is an official language of almost 60 sovereign states. It is the third-most-common native language in the world, after Mandarin Chinese and Spanish. It is widely learned as a second language and is an official language of the European Union, many Commonwealth countries and the United Nations, as well as in many world organisations.\nEnglish arose in the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of England and what is now southeast Scotland. Following the extensive influence of Great Britain and the United Kingdom from the 17th to mid-20th centuries through the British Empire, it has been widely propagated around the world. Through the spread of American-dominated media and technology, English has become the leading language of international discourse and the lingua franca in many regions.\nHistorically, English originated from the fusion of closely related dialects, now collectively termed Old English, which were brought to the eastern coast of Great Britain by Germanic settlers by the 5th century; the word English is derived from the name of the Angles, and ultimately from their ancestral region of Angeln. The language was also influenced early on by the Old Norse language through Viking invasions in the 9th and 10th centuries.
/m/01vvyc_	Curtis James Jackson III, better known by his stage name 50 Cent, is an American rapper, entrepreneur, investor, and actor from New York City, New York. He rose to fame with the release of his albums Get Rich or Die Tryin' and The Massacre. His major-label debut Get Rich or Die Tryin', has been certified eight times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. 50 Cent also gained prominence with East Coast hip hop group G-Unit, of which he is the de facto leader.\nBorn in the South Jamaica neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens, Jackson began drug dealing at the age of twelve during the 1980s crack epidemic. After leaving drug dealing to pursue a rap career, he was shot at and struck by nine bullets during an incident in 2000. After releasing his album Guess Who's Back? in 2002, Jackson was discovered by rapper Eminem and signed to Interscope Records. With the help of Eminem and Dr. Dre, who produced his first major commercial successes, Jackson became one of the world's highest selling rappers. In 2003, he founded the record label G-Unit Records, which signed several successful rappers such as Young Buck, Lloyd Banks, and Tony Yayo.
/m/013b2h	The 44th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 27, 2002 at Staples Center, Los Angeles. The main recipient was Alicia Keys, winning five Grammys, including Best New Artist and Song of the Year for \"Fallin'\". U2 won four awards including Record of the Year and Best Rock Album.
/m/016lj_	Sepultura is a Brazilian heavy metal band from Belo Horizonte. Formed in 1984 by brothers Max and Igor Cavalera, the band was a major force in the death metal and thrash metal genres during the late 1980s and early 1990s, with their later experiments drawing influence from nu metal, hardcore punk and industrial metal. Sepultura has had several changes in its lineup since its formation, with the band's founders, lead singer Max Cavalera and drummer Igor Cavalera, leaving the group in 1996 and 2006, respectively. Sepultura's current line up consists of vocalist Derrick Green, guitarist Andreas Kisser, bassist Paulo Jr. and drummer Eloy Casagrande.\nSepultura has released 13 studio albums so far, the latest being The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart. Their most successful records are Arise, Chaos A.D., and Roots. Sepultura has sold over 3 million units in the USA and almost 20 million worldwide, gaining multiple gold and platinum records across the globe, including in countries as diverse as France, Australia, Indonesia, United States, Cyprus and their native Brazil.
/m/0205dx	Daniel Lebern \"Danny\" Glover is an American actor, film director and political activist. Glover is well known for his roles as Mr. Albert Johnson in The Color Purple, as Michael Harrigan in Predator 2, as corrupt cop James McFee in Witness, as Detective Sergeant Roger Murtaugh in the Lethal Weapon film series, as Detective David Tapp in Saw, and as George Knox in Angels in the Outfield. He has also appeared in many other movies, television shows, and theatrical productions. He is an active supporter of various humanitarian and political causes.
/m/04smkr	Erika Jane Christensen is an American actress whose film appearances include Traffic, Swimfan, The Perfect Score and How to Rob a Bank, among others. She also co-starred in the short-lived drama Six Degrees on ABC. She is currently co-starring in the 2010 television series Parenthood as Julia Braverman-Graham.
/m/0d9y6	Lexington is the second-largest city in Kentucky and the 62nd largest in the United States. Known as the \"Horse Capital of the World\", it is located in the heart of Kentucky's Bluegrass region. In the 2012 US Census Estimate, the city's population was 305,489, anchoring a metropolitan area of 472,099 people and a combined statistical area of 687,173 people.\nLexington ranks tenth among US cities in college education rate, with 39.5% of residents having at least a bachelor's degree. It is the location of the Kentucky Horse Park, The Red Mile and Keeneland race courses, Rupp Arena, the world's largest basketball-specific arena, Transylvania University, the University of Kentucky and Bluegrass Community & Technical College.
/m/0478__m	Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, better known by her stage name Lady Gaga, is an American recording artist, activist, record producer, businesswoman, fashion designer, philanthropist, and actress. Born and raised in New York City, where she lives, Gaga primarily studied at the Convent of the Sacred Heart and briefly attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts before withdrawing to focus on her musical career. She soon began performing in the rock music scene of Manhattan's Lower East Side. By the end of 2007, record executive and producer Vincent Herbert signed her to his label Streamline Records, an imprint of Interscope Records. Initially working as a songwriter at Interscope Records, her vocal abilities captured the attention of recording artist Akon, who also signed her to Kon Live Distribution, his own label under Interscope.\nGaga rose to prominence with her August 2008 debut album, The Fame, which was a critical and commercial success. The record included the international number-one tracks \"Just Dance\" and \"Poker Face\". In November 2009, her extended play, The Fame Monster, was released to a similar reception, and produced the hit singles \"Bad Romance\", \"Telephone\", and \"Alejandro\". Its accompanying Monster Ball Tour became one of the highest-grossing concert tours of all time. Gaga's second album, Born This Way, was released in May 2011 and topped albums charts in most major markets. It generated chart-topping songs \"Born This Way\", \"Judas\", and \"The Edge of Glory\". After taking a sabbatical for a hip injury and the cancellation of the remaining dates of the Born This Way Ball Tour, Gaga's third album Artpop was released in November 2013 and became her second number one album in US. Artpop was preceded by singles \"Applause\" and \"Do What U Want\".
/m/06rgq	Sheryl Suzanne Crow is an American musician, singer, songwriter and actress. Her music incorporates elements of pop, rock, folk, country and blues. She has released eight studio albums, two compilations, a live album and has contributed to a number of film soundtracks. She has sold more than 17 million albums in the US and over 50 million albums worldwide. Additionally, Crow has garnered nine Grammy Awards from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.\nIn addition to her own work, Crow has performed with the Rolling Stones, Stevie Nicks, Michael Jackson, Eric Clapton, Luciano Pavarotti, Willie Nelson, Smokey Robinson, B.B. King, Tony Bennett, Kid Rock and Sting, among others. She has also performed backing vocals for Tina Turner, Don Henley, Stevie Nicks, Belinda Carlisle, Ryan Adams, and for the Bob Dylan 30th Anniversary celebrating Dylan's thirty years as a recording artist.\nAs an actress, Crow has appeared on various television shows including NBC's 30 Rock, ABC's GCB and Cougar Town, Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear, as well as Warner's One Tree Hill.
/m/0gjvqm	Viola Davis is an American actress.\nBeginning her career on the stage, Davis won a Tony and a Drama Desk Award for her role in August Wilson's King Hedley II. She won a second Drama Desk Award for Intimate Apparel, followed by a second Tony and a third Drama Desk Award for her role in Fences.\nAmong her most notable films are Traffic, Antwone Fisher, Solaris and The Help. Her eleven-minute-long performance in the film adaptation of John Patrick Shanley's Doubt earned several honors, including an Academy Award nomination. Her role in the film The Help has garnered two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a BAFTA Award nomination, another Academy Award nomination, and a Golden Globe nomination. In addition to her success, she was listed in Time's 100 Most Influential People in the World in 2012.
/m/0j0k	Asia is the world's largest and most populous continent, located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres. It covers 8.7% of the Earth's total surface area and comprises 30% of its land area. With approximately 4.3 billion people, it hosts 60% of the world's current human population. Asia has a high growth rate in the modern era. For instance, during the 20th century, Asia's population nearly quadrupled.\nThe boundaries of Asia are culturally determined, as there is no clear geographical separation between it and Europe, which together form one continuous landmass called Eurasia. The most commonly accepted boundaries place Asia to the east of the Suez Canal, the Ural River, and the Ural Mountains, and south of the Caucasus Mountains and the Caspian and Black Seas. It is bounded on the east by the Pacific Ocean, on the south by the Indian Ocean and on the north by the Arctic Ocean.\nGiven its size and diversity, the concept of Asia – a name dating back to classical antiquity - may actually have more to do with human geography than physical geography. Asia varies greatly across and within its regions with regard to ethnic groups, cultures, environments, economics, historical ties and government systems.
/m/09fn1w	Jodhaa-Akbar is an Indian epic romantic historical drama film released on 15 February 2008. It is directed and produced by Ashutosh Gowariker, the director of the Academy Award-nominated Lagaan. It stars Hrithik Roshan and Aishwarya Rai in lead roles. This film also marks the debut of newcomer Abir Abrar. Extensive research went into the making of this film which began shooting at Karjat. This movie was also dubbed in Tamil & Telugu languages.\nThe film centres around the romance between the Muslim Mughal Emperor Akbar the Great, played by Hrithik Roshan, and the Hindu Princess Jodhabai who becomes his wife, played by Aishwarya Rai. The music is composed by acclaimed composer A. R. Rahman. The soundtrack of the movie was released on 19 January 2008. The film has won the Audience Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the São Paulo International Film Festival, two awards at the Golden Minbar International Film Festival, seven Star Screen Awards and five Filmfare Awards, in addition to two nominations at the 3rd Asian Film Awards.
/m/02q3bb	Jorja-An Fox is an American actress, musician and songwriter. She first came to prominence as a recurring guest star on the television medical drama ER, portraying the recurring role of Dr. Maggie Doyle from 1996 to 1999. This was followed by another critical success in the recurring role of Secret Service Agent Gina Toscano on The West Wing in 2000. She has played Sara Sidle in the police procedural drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, both as a regular and recurring cast member.
/m/0296vv	Legally Blonde is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Luketic, written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith, and produced by Marc E. Platt. It is based on a novel by Amanda Brown.\nThe film stars Reese Witherspoon as a sorority girl who struggles to win back her ex-boyfriend by earning a law degree, along with Luke Wilson as a young attorney she meets during her studies, Matthew Davis as her ex-boyfriend, Selma Blair as his new fiancée, Victor Garber and Holland Taylor as law professors, Jennifer Coolidge as a manicurist, and Ali Larter as a fitness instructor that was once her friend accused of murder.\nIn America, the film was released on July 13, 2001, and received generally positive reviews. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy and was ranked 29th on Bravo's 2007 list of \"100 Funniest Movies\". For her performance, Witherspoon was nominated for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the 2002 MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance.\nThe film's box-office success led to a 2003 sequel, Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde, and a 2009 direct-to-DVD spin-off, Legally Blondes. Additionally, Legally Blonde: The Musical premiered on January 23, 2007, in San Francisco and opened in New York City at the Palace Theatre on Broadway on April 29, 2007, starring Laura Bell Bundy. The musical has since closed on Broadway, but opened to very good reviews and box office in London's West End. The large ambitious scores to both feature films were written by Rolfe Kent and were orchestrated by Tony Blondal. They featured a 90-piece orchestra and were recorded at the Sony Scoring Stage in Culver City, CA.
/m/04n7jdv	Rap metal is a sub-genre of rap rock and alternative metal music which fuses vocal and instrumental elements of hip hop with heavy metal.
/m/03rjj	Italy, officially the Italian Republic, is a unitary parliamentary republic in Southern Europe. To the north, Italy borders France, Switzerland, Austria, and Slovenia, and is approximately delimited by the Alpine watershed, enclosing the Po Valley and the Venetian Plain. To the south, it consists of the entirety of the Italian Peninsula and the two biggest Mediterranean islands of Sicily and Sardinia.\nItalian territory also includes the islands of Pantelleria, 60 km east of the Tunisian coast and 100 km southwest of Sicily, and Lampedusa, at about 113 km from Tunisia and at 176 km from Sicily, in addition to many other smaller islands. The sovereign states of San Marino and the Vatican City are enclaves within Italy, while Campione d'Italia is an Italian exclave in Switzerland. Italy covers an area of 301,338 km² and has a largely temperate climate. With 60 million inhabitants, it is the 5th most populous country in Europe. Italy is also the 4th-largest economy in the European Union, 3rd in the Eurozone and 9th in the world.\nItaly's capital and largest city, Rome, has for centuries been the leading political and religious centre of Western civilisation, serving as the capital of both the Roman Empire and Christianity. During the Dark Ages, Italy endured cultural and social decline in the face of repeated invasions by Germanic tribes, with Roman heritage being preserved largely by Christian monks. Beginning around the 11th century, various Italian cities, communes and maritime republics rose to great prosperity through shipping, commerce and banking; concurrently, Italian culture flourished, especially during the Renaissance, which produced many notable scholars, artists, and polymaths such as Leonardo da Vinci, Galileo, Michelangelo and Machiavelli. Meanwhile, Italian explorers such as Polo, Columbus, Vespucci, and Verrazzano discovered new routes to the Far East and the New World, helping to usher in the European Age of Discovery. Nevertheless, Italy would remain fragmented into numerous warring states for the rest of the Middle Ages, subsequently falling prey to larger European powers such as France, Spain, and later Austria. Italy would thus enter a long period of decline that lasted until the beginning of the 18th century.
/m/02mg5r	City University London is a public research university located in London, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1894 as the Northampton Institute and became a university when The City University was created by Royal Charter in 1966. The Inns of Court School of Law, which merged with City University in 2001, was established in 1852, making it the university's oldest constituent part.\nCity University has its main campus in the Islington area of central London, with additional campuses in the City of London and the Holborn, Smithfield and Whitechapel areas of London. It is organised into seven Schools, within which there are around 40 academic departments and centres, including the City University Department of Journalism, the Cass Business School and the Inns of Court School of Law.\nCity University had a total income of £178.6 million in 2010/11, of which £8 million was from research grants and contracts. Cass Business school is ranked 2nd in London and top 40 in the world. In 2012 it was ranked 29th in the UK according to the Times Higher Education 'table to tables', 327th in the world according to the QS World University Rankings and is included inTimes Higher Education's list of the top 100 universities in the world under 50 years old.
/m/016j68	Denholm Mitchell Elliott, CBE was an English film, television and theatre actor with more than 120 film and television credits. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. In the 1980s, he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role in three consecutive years, the only actor ever to have achieved this. He portrayed Dr. Marcus Brody in Raiders of the Lost Ark and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
/m/02lj6p	Bernard Jeffrey \"Bernie\" McCullough, better known by his stage name Bernie Mac, was an African American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian at the All Jokes Aside comedy club in Chicago. Born and raised on the South Side of Chicago, Mac gained popularity as a stand-up comedian. He joined comedians Steve Harvey, Cedric the Entertainer, and D. L. Hughley as The Original Kings of Comedy.\nAfter briefly hosting the HBO show Midnight Mac, Mac appeared in several films in smaller roles. His most noted film role was as Frank Catton in the remake Ocean's Eleven and the titular character of Mr. 3000. He was the star of The Bernie Mac Show, which ran from 2001 through 2006, earning him two Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series. His other films included starring roles in Booty Call, Friday, The Players Club, Head of State, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle, Bad Santa, Guess Who, Pride, Soul Men, Transformers and Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.\nMac suffered from sarcoidosis, a disease in which abnormal collections of chronic inflammatory cells form as nodules in multiple organs, particularly the lungs and lymph nodes. Lung scarring or infection may lead to respiratory failure and death. Mac had said the condition was in remission in 2005. His death on August 9, 2008 was caused by complications from pneumonia.
/m/056vv	Montenegro is a country in Southeastern Europe. It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south-west and is bordered by Croatia to the west, Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest, Serbia to the northeast, Kosovo to the east and Albania to the south-east. Its capital and largest city is Podgorica, while Cetinje is designated as the Prijestonica, meaning the former Royal Capital City.\nIn the 9th century, there existed three Slavic principalities on the territory of Montenegro: Duklja, roughly corresponding to the southern half, Travunia, the west, and Rascia, the north. In 1042, archon Stefan Vojislav led a revolt that resulted in the independence of Duklja and the establishment of the Vojislavljević dynasty. Duklja reached its zenith under Vojislav's son, Mihailo, and his son Bodin. By the 13th century, Zeta had replaced Duklja when referring to the realm. In the late 14th century, southern Montenegro came under the rule of the Balšić noble family, then the Crnojević noble family, and by the 15th century, Zeta was more often referred to as Crna Gora. As the Crnojević dynasty disintegrated, Montenegro was ruled by its Bishops until 1696, and then by the House of Petrović-Njegoš until 1918. From 1918, it was a part of Yugoslavia. On the basis of an independence referendum held on 21 May 2006, Montenegro declared independence on 3 June of that year.
/m/01jq4b	Wake Forest University is a private, independent, nonprofit, non-sectarian, coeducational research university in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, founded in 1834. The university received its name from its original location in Wake Forest, north of Raleigh, North Carolina, the state capital. The Reynolda Campus, the university's main campus, is located north of downtown Winston-Salem, after the university moved there in 1956. The Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center campus is located nearby. The University also occupies lab space at Biotech Plaza, at the downtown Piedmont Research Park, and at the Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials. The University's Babcock Graduate School of Management maintains a presence on the main campus in Winston-Salem and in Charlotte, North Carolina. In the 2014 U.S. News America's Best Colleges report, Wake Forest ranked 11th in terms of \"Best Undergraduate Teaching\" and 23rd overall among national universities.
/m/04rwx	The Massachusetts Institute of Technology is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts known traditionally for research and education in the physical sciences and engineering, and more recently in biology, economics, linguistics, and management as well.\nFounded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT's early emphasis on applied technology at the undergraduate and graduate levels led to close cooperation with industry. Curricular reforms under Karl Compton and Vannevar Bush in the 1930s emphasized basic science. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934. Researchers worked on computers, radar, and inertial guidance during World War II and the Cold War. Post-war defense research contributed to the rapid expansion of the faculty and campus under James Killian. The current 168-acre campus opened in 1916 and extends over 1 mile along the northern bank of the Charles River basin.\nToday, the Institute comprises various academic departments with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. It has five schools and one college, which contain a total of 32 departments. Eighty-one Nobel laureates, 52 National Medal of Science recipients, 45 Rhodes Scholars, and 38 MacArthur Fellows have been affiliated with the university. It is one of the most selective higher learning institutions, and received 18,109 undergraduate applicants for the class of 2016—only admitting 1,620, an acceptance rate of 8.95%.
/m/09bw4_	Jumper is a 2008 American science fiction film directed by Doug Liman, loosely based on the 1992 science fiction novel of the same name written by Steven Gould. The film is directed by Doug Liman and stars Hayden Christensen, Jamie Bell, Samuel L. Jackson, Rachel Bilson, Max Thieriot, AnnaSophia Robb, and Diane Lane. The film follows a young man capable of teleporting as he is chased by a secret society intent on killing him.\nThe script went through a rewrite prior to filming and the roles for the main characters were changed during production. Jumper was filmed in 20 cities in 14 countries between 2006-07. The film was released on February 14, 2008 and a soundtrack on February 19. The film held the first position in its opening weekend with $27.3 million, but received generally negative reviews from critics, mostly due to the limited plot.
/m/02hwww	Founded in 1857, the University of Bombay is one of the first three oldest public state universities in India, located in the city of Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra. It is abbreviated as either UoM, standing for University of Mumbai or MU for Mumbai University.\nThe University Of Mumbai is one of the premier universities in India. It was ranked 41 among the Top 50 Engineering Schools of the world by America's news broadcasting firm Business Insider in 2012 and was the only university in the list from the five emerging BRICS nations viz Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. It was ranked 3rd best university in Asia in terms of graduate students as percentage of total students and the 2nd best Multi Disciplinary University in India by Asiaweek in the list of Asia's best Universities 2000 ; with 8 of the top 10 Indian universities in Asiaweek's list being purely Science and Technology Universities.\nMoreover, the University of Mumbai was ranked 5th in the list of best Universities in India by India Today in the year 2013 and ranked at 62 in the QS BRICS University rankings for 2013, a ranking of leading universities in the five BRICS countries. Its strongest scores in the QS University Rankings: BRICS are for papers per faculty, employer reputation and citations per paper. It was ranked 10th among the top Universities of India by QS in 2013. With 7 of the top ten Indian Universities being purely science and technology universities, it was India's 3rd best Multi Disciplinary University in the QS University ranking. It was ranked 18th in the world for having the maximum Ultra High Net Worth Alumni Population. It was number one in the list among universities from emerging economies.
/m/0sx7r	The 1992 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 8 to 23 February 1992 in Albertville, France. They were the last Winter Olympics to be held the same year as the Summer Olympics, and the first where the Winter Paralympics were held at the same site. Albertville was selected as host in 1986, beating Sofia, Falun, Lillehammer, Cortina d'Ampezzo, Anchorage and Berchtesgaden. The games were the third Winter Olympics held in France, after Chamonix in 1924 and Grenoble in 1968, and the fifth Olympics overall in the country.\nOnly some of the skating and the opening and closing ceremonies took place in Albertville, while the rest of the events took place in the villages of Courchevel, La Plagne, Les Arcs, Les Menuires, Les Saisies, Méribel, Pralognan-la-Vanoise, Tignes and Val d'Isère. Sixty-four nations with 1,801 athletes participated in the games, including the Unified Team which represented non-Baltic former Soviet republics. Germany participated as a unified team, while five newly independent European countries debuted, as did six \"warm-weather\" countries. Short track speed skating, moguls and women's biathlon made their debut as an Olympic sport. The games were the last Winter Games until 2014 to have demonstration sports, consisting of curling, aerials, ski ballet and speed skiing. It was the last Olympics to have an outdoor speed skating rink. The games were succeeded by the 1992 Winter Paralympics from 25 March to 1 April.
/m/016zp5	Sir Ian Holm, CBE is an English actor known for his stage work and many film roles. He received the 1967 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor for his performance as Lenny in The Homecoming and the 1998 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance in the title role of King Lear. He was nominated for the 1981 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as athletics trainer Sam Mussabini in Chariots of Fire. Other well-known film roles include the android Ash in Alien, Father Vito Cornelius in The Fifth Element, and the hobbit Bilbo Baggins in the Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit film series.
/m/016_v3	Southern hip hop, also known as Southern rap, South coast hip hop or Dirty South, is a blanket term for a subgenre of American hip hop music that emerged in the Southern United States, especially in New Orleans, Houston, Atlanta, Memphis and Miami.\nThe music was a reaction to the 1980s flow of hip hop culture from New York City and the Los Angeles area, and can be considered a third major American hip hop genre, after East Coast hip hop and West Coast hip hop. Many early Southern rap artists released their music independently or on mixtapes after encountering difficulty securing record-label contracts in the 1990s. By the early 2000s, many Southern artists had attained national success, and as the decade went on, both mainstream and underground varieties of Southern hip-hop became among the most popular and influential of the entire genre.
/m/0cjsxp	Michael Corbett Shannon is an American actor and musician. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Revolutionary Road. He is a regular on the HBO series Boardwalk Empire. His performance in the 2011 film Take Shelter led to further critical acclaim, gaining him the Saturn Award for Best Actor. He also played Richard Kuklinski in The Iceman, and General Zod in the 2013 film Man of Steel.
/m/02gx2k	The Grammy Award for Best Recording Package is one of a series of Grammy Awards presented for the visual look of an album. It is presented to the art director of the winning album, not to the performer, except if the performer is also the art director.
/m/0b_5d	The Apartment is a 1960 American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Billy Wilder, which stars Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, and Fred MacMurray. It was Wilder's next movie after Some Like It Hot and, like its predecessor, a commercial and critical smash, grossing $25 million at the box office. The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards, and won five, including Best Picture. The film was the basis of the 1968 Broadway musical Promises, Promises, with book by Neil Simon, music by Burt Bacharach, and lyrics by Hal David.
/m/01vhb0	Anne Celeste Heche is an American actress. She has had leading roles in two theatrically released films, Six Days Seven Nights and Return to Paradise, as well as many supporting roles in films such as I Know What You Did Last Summer, Volcano, John Q, Donnie Brasco, Spread, and Cedar Rapids. She also starred in the television series Men in Trees, Hung, and most recently Save Me.
/m/0888c3	For Your Consideration is a 2006 comedy film directed by Christopher Guest. It was co-written by Guest and Eugene Levy, and both also star in the film.\nThe title is a phrase used in trade advertisements to promote films for honors such as the Academy Awards. The plot revolves around three actors who learn that their performances in the film they haven't even completed yet, Home for Purim, a drama set in the mid-1940s American South, are supposedly generating a great deal of award-season buzz.\nMany of the cast return from This Is Spinal Tap, Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, and A Mighty Wind, including Levy, O'Hara, Posey, Shearer, Michael McKean, Fred Willard, Bob Balaban, Jennifer Coolidge, Jane Lynch, Ed Begley, Jr., Michael Hitchcock, John Michael Higgins and Jim Piddock.\nRicky Gervais, the co-creator of the British television series The Office, also appears, while John Krasinski, Richard Kind, Scott Adsit, and Sandra Oh make brief cameos. Though the dialogue is largely improvised by the actors as in Guest's earlier films, the format is a departure from the mockumentary style.\nThe film received its World Premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2006. It was produced by Warner Independent Pictures in association with Castle Rock Entertainment and Shangri-La Entertainment.
/m/01z452	Being John Malkovich is a 1999 American fantasy comedy-drama film, written by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Spike Jonze. It stars John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, and Catherine Keener, with John Malkovich playing a fictional version of himself. In the film, Cusack plays Craig Schwartz, a puppeteer who finds a portal that leads into Malkovich's mind.\nThe film was nominated in the 72nd Academy Awards in three categories: Best Director for Jonze, Best Original Screenplay for Kaufman and Best Supporting Actress for Keener.
/m/0b6yp2	Marco Edward Beltrami is an American film composer best known for his work scoring horror films such as Mimic, The Faculty, Resident Evil, Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, The Woman in Black. A long-time friend and collaborator of Wes Craven, Beltrami has scored seven of the director's films including all four films in the Scream franchise. Beltrami has been nominated for two Academy Awards and won a Satellite Award for Best Original Score for Soul Surfer.
/m/09kvv	The Johns Hopkins University is a not-for-profit private research university in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The University was founded on January 22, 1876, and named for its benefactor, the philanthropist Johns Hopkins. Daniel Coit Gilman was inaugurated as the first president on February 22, 1876.\nThe institution pioneered the concept of the modern research university in the United States and has ranked among the world's top such universities throughout its history. The National Science Foundation has ranked Johns Hopkins #1 among U.S. academic institutions in total science, medical and engineering research and development spending for 31 consecutive years. As of 2011, thirty-seven Nobel Prize winners have been affiliated with Johns Hopkins in a span of just 135 years, and the university's research is among the most cited of any institution globally, making it one of the most prestigious universities in the world.\nJohns Hopkins maintains campuses in Maryland; Washington, D.C.; Bologna; Malaysia; China and Singapore. The university is organized into two undergraduate divisions and five graduate divisions on two main campuses—the Homewood campus and the Medical Institutions campus—both located in Baltimore. The university also consists of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, the Peabody Institute, the Carey Business School, and various other facilities.
/m/0l14md	A percussion instrument is a musical instrument that is sounded by being struck or scraped by a beater; struck, scraped or rubbed by hand; or struck against another similar instrument. The percussion family is believed to include the oldest musical instruments, following the human voice.\nThe percussion section of an orchestra most commonly contains instruments such as timpani, snare drum, bass drum, cymbals, triangle and tambourine. However, the section can also contain non-percussive instruments, such as whistles and sirens, or a blown conch shell. On the other hand, keyboard instruments, such as the celesta, are not normally part of the percussion section, but keyboard percussion instruments such as the glockenspiel and xylophone are included.\nPercussion instruments are most commonly divided into two classes: Pitched percussion instruments, which produce notes with an identifiable pitch, and unpitched percussion instruments, which produce notes without an identifiable pitch.
/m/01_4lx	Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., also known as Take-Two, is an American multinational publisher, developer, and distributor of video games and video game peripherals. Take-Two wholly owns Rockstar Games and 2K Games. The company's headquarters are in New York City, with international headquarters in Windsor, United Kingdom. Development studio locations include San Diego, Vancouver, Toronto and Novato, California. Take-Two has published many notable games, including its most famous series Grand Theft Auto, the Midnight Club racing series, the Manhunt series and more recently BioShock. As owner of 2K Games, Take-Two publishes its popular 2K Sports titles. It also acted as the publisher of Bethesda Softworks's 2006 game, The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.
/m/07t_x	Uzbekistan, officially the Republic of Uzbekistan is a landlocked country in Central Asia. Between 1924 and 1991, it was part of the Soviet Union.\nOnce part of the Persian Samanid and later Timurid empires, the region which today includes the Republic of Uzbekistan was conquered in the early 16th century by nomads who spoke an Eastern Turkic language. This region was subsequently incorporated into the Russian Empire in the 19th century, and in 1924 it became a bordered constituent republic of the Soviet Union, known as the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic. It subsequently became the independent Republic of Uzbekistan on August 31, 1991. Most of Uzbekistan’s population today belong to the Uzbek ethnic group and speak the Uzbek language, a language belonging to the family of Turkic languages.\nUzbekistan's economy relies mainly on commodity production, including cotton, gold, uranium, and natural gas. Despite the declared objective of transition to a market economy, its government continues to maintain economic controls which deter foreign investment and imports in favour of domestic 'import substitution'. The policy of a gradual, strictly controlled transition to the market economy has produced beneficial results in the form of economic recovery after 1995.
/m/0cc5mcj	Cowboys & Aliens is a 2011 American science fiction Western film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, and Olivia Wilde. The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The main plot revolves around an amnesiac outlaw, a wealthy cattleman, and a mysterious traveler who must ally to save a group of townspeople abducted by aliens. The screenplay was written by Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, Damon Lindelof, Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby, based on a screen story by the latter two along with Steve Oedekerk. The film was produced by Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, Kurtzman, Orci and Rosenberg, with Steven Spielberg and Favreau serving as executive producers.\nThe project began development in April 1997, when Universal Pictures and DreamWorks bought film rights to a concept pitched by Rosenberg, former president at Malibu Comics, which he described as a graphic novel in development. After the graphic novel was published in 2006, development on the film was begun again, and Favreau signed on as director in September 2009. On a budget of $163 million, filming for Cowboys & Aliens began in June 2010, in New Mexico and California. Despite studio pressure to release the film in 3-D, Favreau chose to film traditionally and in anamorphic format to further a \"classic movie feel\". Measures were taken to maintain a serious Western element despite the film's \"inherently comic\" title and premise. The film's aliens were designed to be \"cool and captivating\", with some details, such as a fungus that grows on their wounds, created to depict the creatures as frontiersmen facing adversity in an unfamiliar place.
/m/01_vrh	Pietermaritzburg is the capital and second largest city in the province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It was founded in 1838, and is currently governed by the Msunduzi Local Municipality. Its \"purist\" Zulu name is umGungundlovu, and this is the name used for the district municipality. Pietermaritzburg is popularly called Maritzburg in English and Zulu alike, and often informally abbreviated to PMB. It is a regionally important industrial hub, producing aluminium, timber and dairy products. It is home to many schools and tertiary education institutions, including a campus of the University of KwaZulu-Natal. It had a population of 228,549 in 1991; the estimated current population is around 500,000 and has one of the largest populations of Indian South Africans in South Africa.
/m/03n0cd	Evolution is a 2001 American science fiction comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and starring David Duchovny, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, Julianne Moore and Ted Levine. In the United States, it was released by DreamWorks and internationally, by Columbia Pictures.\nThe plot of the film follows college professor Ira Kane and geologist Harry Block who investigate a meteor crash in Arizona. They discover that the meteor is harboring extraterrestrial life which is evolving very quickly into large, diverse and outlandish creatures.\nEvolution was based on a story by Don Jakoby, who converted it into a screenplay along with David Diamond and David Weissman. The movie was originally written as a serious horror science fiction film, until director Ivan Reitman re-wrote much of the script. Shooting took place in California with an $80 million budget and the film was released in the United States on June 8, 2001. The movie grossed $98,376,292 internationally. Reviews for the film were mostly unfavorable, as the movie review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 43% positive rating.\nA short-lived animated series, Alienators: Evolution Continues, loosely based on the film, was broadcast months after the movie was released.
/m/02xx5	February is the second month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars. It is the shortest month and the only month with fewer than 30 days. The month has 28 days in common years or 29 days in leap years.\nFebruary is the third month of meteorological winter in the Northern Hemisphere. In the Southern Hemisphere, February is the seasonal equivalent of August in the Northern Hemisphere, in meteorological reckoning.\nFebruary starts on the same day of the week as March and November in common years, and on the same day of the week as August in leap years. February ends on the same day of the week as October every year and on the same day of the week as January in common years only. In leap years, it is the only month that ends on the same weekday it begins.
/m/01mqc_	Christian Michael Leonard Slater is an American actor. He made his film debut with a small role in The Postman Always Rings Twice before playing a leading role in the 1985 film The Legend of Billie Jean. He then played a monk's apprentice alongside Sean Connery in The Name of the Rose before gaining wider recognition for his breakthrough role in the cult film Heathers.\nIn the 1990s, Slater starred in many big budget films, including Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles, Broken Arrow, and Hard Rain. He was also featured in the cult film True Romance. Since 2000, Slater has combined work in the film business with television, including appearances in The West Wing and Alias and starring in Breaking In and Mind Games. Slater was married to Ryan Haddon between 2000 and 2005, and they had two children together. Slater has had widely publicized brushes with the law, including being sentenced to three months in jail for assault in 1997.
/m/0g28b1	Victor Miller or Victor B. Miller is an American writer for film and television. Perhaps his best known and most acknowledged work is his script for the first Friday the 13th film, the popularity of which spawned a long series of sequels, none of which has his involvement, though he remains credited for creating the characters of Jason Voorhees and his mother.\nHe has also written for several daytime television series, for which he has won three Daytime Emmy Awards. His television work includes Guiding Light, One Life to Live, Another World, and All My Children. Much of his tenure of several shows has been working under head writer Megan McTavish. Recently he mentored the script for the indie horror movie, Nobody Gets Out Alive originally titled Down The Road, featuring Clint Howard.
/m/06x58	Salma Hayek Jiménez is a Mexican and American film actress, director and producer. She began her career in Mexico starring in the telenovela Teresa and went on to star in the film El Callejón de los Milagros for which she was nominated for an Ariel Award. In 1991 Hayek moved to Hollywood and came to prominence with roles in Hollywood movies such as Desperado, Dogma, and Wild Wild West.\nHer breakthrough role was in the 2002 film Frida as Frida Kahlo for which she was nominated in the category of Best Actress for an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and Golden Globe Award. The movie received widespread attention and was a critical and commercial success. She won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing in a Children/Youth/Family Special in 2004 for The Maldonado Miracle and received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2007 after guest-starring in the ABC television series Ugly Betty. She also guest-starred on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock from 2009 to 2013.\nHayek's recent films include Grown Ups and Grown Ups 2, acting alongside Adam Sandler, and Puss in Boots, in which she voices Kitty Softpaws, alongside her former collaborator Antonio Banderas.
/m/0prrm	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is a 2001 American comedy film directed, written by, and starring Kevin Smith as Silent Bob, the fifth to be set in his View Askewniverse, a growing collection of characters and settings that developed out of his cult favorite Clerks. It focuses on the two titular characters, played respectively by Jason Mewes and Smith.\nThe film features a large number of cameo appearances by famous actors, actresses, and directors.\nThe title and logo for Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back are direct references to the second-released Star Wars film, The Empire Strikes Back.\nSmith originally intended for it to be the last film set in his View Askewniverse, or to feature Jay and Silent Bob. Five years later, Smith reconsidered and decided to continue the series with Clerks II, resurrecting Jay and Silent Bob in supporting roles. Smith has also decided to make another sequel to Clerks, and as of 2013 is in development.
/m/014zcr	George Timothy Clooney is an American actor, film director, producer, and screenwriter. He has received three Golden Globe Awards for his work as an actor and two Academy Awards—one for acting and the other for producing. Clooney is also noted for his political activism and has served as one of the United Nations Messengers of Peace since January 31, 2008.\nClooney made his acting debut on television in 1978, and later gained wide recognition in his role as Dr. Douglas \"Doug\" Ross on the long-running medical drama ER from 1994 to 1999, for which he received two Emmy Award nominations. While working on ER, he began attracting a variety of leading roles in films, including Batman & Robin and Out of Sight, in which he first worked with long-term collaborator Steven Soderbergh. In 1999 Clooney took the lead role in Three Kings, a well-received war satire set during the Gulf War. In 2001, Clooney's fame widened with the release of his biggest commercial success, Ocean's Eleven, the first of a profitable film trilogy, a remake of the 1960 film which starred members of the Rat Pack with Frank Sinatra as Danny Ocean. He made his directorial debut a year later with the 2002 biographical thriller Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, and has since directed Good Night, and Good Luck, Leatherheads, and The Ides of March. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the Middle East thriller Syriana and subsequently gained Best Actor nominations for such films as Michael Clayton, Up in the Air and The Descendants. In 2013, he received the Academy Award for Best Picture for producing the film Argo, alongside Ben Affleck and Grant Heslov. He is the only person ever to be nominated for Academy Awards in six different categories.
/m/0f0sbl	Corsica is a French island in the Mediterranean Sea. It is located west of Italy, southeast of the French mainland, and north of the Italian island of Sardinia. Mountains make up two-thirds of the island, forming a single chain. Before French domination, Corsica was under the ownership of the Republic of Genoa.\nCorsica is one of the 27 régions of France, although it is designated as a territorial collectivity by law. As a territorial collectivity, it enjoys some greater powers than other French régions. Corsica is referred to as a \"région\" in common speech, and is almost always listed among the other régions of France. Corsica is split into two departments, Haute-Corse and Corse-du-Sud, with its regional capital in Ajaccio, the prefecture city of Corse-du-Sud. Bastia, the prefecture city of Haute-Corse, is the second-largest settlement in Corsica.\nAlthough the island is separated from the continental mainland by the Ligurian Sea and is closer to Italy than to the French mainland, politically Corsica is part of Metropolitan France. After rule from the Republic of Genoa starting in 1282, Corsica was briefly an independent Corsican Republic from 1755 until its conquest by France in 1769. Corsica's culture contains both French and Italian elements, and its constitution while a Republic was written in Italian. The native Corsican language is recognised as a regional language by the French government.
/m/01ct6	The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team based in Baltimore, Maryland, playing in the North Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The team has played its home games at M&T Bank Stadium in downtown Baltimore since 1998, and is headquartered at the Under Armour Performance Center in Owings Mills.\nThe Ravens were established in 1996, when then-owner of the Cleveland Browns, Art Modell, announced plans to relocate the franchise to Baltimore. As part of a settlement between the league and the city of Cleveland, Modell was required to leave the Browns' name, colors and heritage in Cleveland for a replacement team that took the field in 1999. In return, he was allowed to take his players to Baltimore, where his new team would be legally recognized as an expansion team. The team's name was inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's poem The Raven—as Poe lived for a time in Baltimore, died and was buried there in 1849.\nThe Ravens have experienced great success in their brief history, making the playoffs nine times since 2000, with two Super Bowl victories, two AFC Championship titles, four AFC North division titles, and are currently the only team in the NFL to hold a perfect record in multiple Super Bowl appearances. The Ravens organization has been led by general manager Ozzie Newsome since 2002, and has had three head coaches: Ted Marchibroda, Brian Billick, and John Harbaugh. With a record-breaking defensive unit in their 2000 season, the team established a reputation for relying on strong defensive play, led by players like middle linebacker Ray Lewis, who, until his retirement, was considered the \"face of the franchise.\" The team is owned by Steve Bisciotti and valued at $1.157 billion, making the Ravens the 19th-most valuable sports franchise in the world.
/m/02fgp0	Howard Elliott Ashman was an American playwright and lyricist. Ashman first studied at Boston University and Goddard College and then went on to achieve his master's degree from Indiana University in 1974. He collaborated with Alan Menken on several films, notably animated features for Disney, Ashman writing the lyrics and Menken composing the music.
/m/0bkf72	Paul Junger Witt is an American film and television producer. He, with his partners Tony Thomas and Susan Harris, produced such hit TV shows as Here Come the Brides, The Partridge Family, The Golden Girls, Soap, Benson, Empty Nest and Blossom. He also produced the hit films Dead Poets Society, Three Kings and Insomnia. Witt is a graduate of the University of Virginia.
/m/05ywg	Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic. Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava river, the city is home to about 1.3 million people, while its metropolitan area is estimated to have a population of over 2.3 million. The city has a temperate oceanic climate with warm summers and chilly winters.
/m/02tn0_	Anthony Scott is a film producer.
/m/02bfmn	Bradford Claude \"Brad\" Dourif is an American actor who gained early fame for his portrayal of Billy Bibbit in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and has since appeared in a number of memorable roles. He is best known for his leading role as Charles Lee Ray aka Chucky in the Child's Play franchise, Deputy Clinton Pell in Mississippi Burning, Younger Brother in Ragtime, Piter De Vries in David Lynch's Dune, Gríma Wormtongue in The Lord of the Rings and Doc Cochran in the HBO television series Deadwood.\nDourif has also worked with renowned film director Werner Herzog on many occasions, appearing in Scream of Stone, The Wild Blue Yonder, The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans and My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done?. From June through September, 2013, Dourif starred alongside Amanda Plummer in an Off Broadway revival of Tennessee Williams' The Two-Character Play, his first stage appearance in twenty-nine years.
/m/07wrz	The University of Chicago is a private research university in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The university consists of the College of the University of Chicago, various graduate programs and interdisciplinary committees organized into four divisions, six professional schools, and a school of continuing education. The university enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the College and about 15,000 students overall. The University of Chicago is consistently ranked among the world's top 10 universities. The university tied Stanford University for 5th place in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report \"Best National Universities Rankings\".\nUniversity of Chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines, including: the Chicago school of economics, the Chicago school of sociology, the law and economics movement in legal analysis, the Chicago school of literary criticism, the Chicago school of religion, the school of political science known as behavioralism, and in the physics leading to the world's first man-made, self-sustaining nuclear reaction. The university is also home to the University of Chicago Press, the largest university press in the United States.
/m/09p35z	Starter for 10 is a 2006 British comedy-drama film directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by David Nicholls, adapted from his own novel Starter for Ten. The film stars James McAvoy as a university student who wins a place on a University Challenge quiz team. It premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September 2006, and was released in the UK and Ireland on 10 November 2006, and in Canada and the US on 23 February 2007.
/m/01j2xj	Samuel Alexander \"Sam\" Mendes, CBE is an English stage and film director. He is best known for directing American Beauty, which earned him the Academy and Golden Globe Award for Best Director, the crime film Road to Perdition, and the James Bond movie Skyfall. He also is known for dark re-inventions of the stage musicals Cabaret, Oliver!, Company, and Gypsy. He directed an original stage musical for the first time with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.\nIn 2000, Mendes was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II for \"services to drama\" and in the same year was awarded the Shakespeare Prize by the Alfred Toepfer Foundation in Hamburg, Germany. In 2005 he received a lifetime achievement award from the Directors Guild of Great Britain.
/m/02g5h5	Peter C. MacNicol is an American actor. He is known in films for his roles of Janosz Proha in Ghostbusters II, Stingo in Sophie's Choice, and David Langley in Bean. For television he is known for the roles of the eccentric lawyer John Cage in the FOX comedy-drama Ally McBeal, as Tom Lennox in the sixth season of action-thriller 24, Alan Birch in the medical drama Chicago Hope, and as physicist Dr. Larry Fleinhardt on the CBS crime drama NUMB3RS.
/m/01sxd1	Sarah Brightman is an English classical crossover light lyric soprano, actress, songwriter and dancer. She has sung in many languages, including English, Spanish, French, Latin, German, Italian, Russian, Mandarin Chinese, Japanese, Catalan and Occitan.\nBrightman began her career as a member of the dance troupe Hot Gossip and released several disco singles as a solo performer. In 1981, she made her West End musical theatre debut in Cats and met composer Andrew Lloyd Webber, whom she married. She went on to star in several West End and Broadway musicals, including The Phantom of the Opera, where she originated the role of Christine Daaé. The Original London Cast Album of the musical was released in CD format in 1987 and sold 40 million copies worldwide, making it the biggest-selling cast album of all time.\nAfter retiring from the stage and divorcing Lloyd Webber, Brightman resumed her music career with former Enigma producer Frank Peterson, this time as a classical crossover artist. She is often credited as the creator of this genre and remains among the most prominent performers, with worldwide sales of more than 30 million records and 2 million DVDs, establishing herself as the world's best-selling soprano of all time.
/m/082xp	Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill, KG, OM, CH, TD, DL, FRS, RA was a British politician who was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955. Widely regarded as one of the greatest wartime leaders of the 20th century, Churchill was also an officer in the British Army, a historian, a writer, and an artist. He is the only British Prime Minister to have won the Nobel Prize in Literature, and was the first person to be made an honorary citizen of the United States.\nChurchill was born into the aristocratic family of the Dukes of Marlborough, a branch of the Spencer family. His father, Lord Randolph Churchill, was a charismatic politician who served as Chancellor of the Exchequer; his mother, Jennie Jerome, was an American socialite. As a young army officer, he saw action in British India, the Sudan, and the Second Boer War. He gained fame as a war correspondent and wrote books about his campaigns.\nAt the forefront of politics for fifty years, he held many political and cabinet positions. Before the First World War, he served as President of the Board of Trade, Home Secretary, and First Lord of the Admiralty as part of the Asquith Liberal government. During the war, he continued as First Lord of the Admiralty until the disastrous Gallipoli Campaign caused his departure from government. He then briefly resumed active army service on the Western Front as commander of the 6th Battalion of the Royal Scots Fusiliers. He returned to government as Minister of Munitions, Secretary of State for War, and Secretary of State for Air. After the War, Churchill served as Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Conservative government of 1924–29, controversially returning the pound sterling in 1925 to the gold standard at its pre-war parity, a move widely seen as creating deflationary pressure on the UK economy. Also controversial were his opposition to increased home rule for India and his resistance to the 1936 abdication of Edward VIII.
/m/01516r	Melvins are an American band that formed in 1983. They usually perform as a trio, but in recent years have performed as a four piece with two drummers. Since 1984, singer and guitarist Buzz Osborne and drummer Dale Crover have been the band's ongoing members. The band was named after a supervisor at a Thriftway in Montesano, Washington, where Osborne also worked as a clerk. \"Melvin\" was despised by other employees, and the band's members felt it to be an appropriately ridiculous name.\nMelvins' music is influenced by Black Flag's mix of punk and metal on their album My War, and other slow punk acts like Swans, Flipper and Wipers, but also by some hard rock and metal bands such as Kiss and Alice Cooper; however, their idiosyncratic approach, bizarre sense of humor, and experimentation make neat categorization difficult. Buzzo has also stated that his guitar playing is more influenced by Black Flag than Black Sabbath, with whom they are often compared.\nThey often favor very slow tempos, and their sludgy sound was a strong influence on grunge music, especially Nirvana, Soundgarden, Green River, and many other bands from Seattle. These bands, however, tended to use more conventional musical structures with this sound. Melvins have also influenced many bands outside the Seattle grunge scene, including Tool, Boris, Mastodon, Neurosis, Eyehategod, and Isis.
/m/012vd6	Aretha Louise Franklin is an American singer and musician. Franklin began her career singing gospel at her father, minister C. L. Franklin's church as a child. In 1960, at age 18, Franklin embarked on a secular career, recording for Columbia Records only achieving modest success. Following her signing to Atlantic Records in 1967, Franklin achieved commercial acclaim and success with songs such as \"Respect\", \" A Natural Woman\" and \"Think\". These hits and more helped her to gain the title The Queen of Soul by the end of the 1960s decade.\nFranklin eventually recorded a total of 88 charted singles on Billboard, including 77 Hot 100 entries and twenty number-one R&B singles, becoming the most charted female artist in the chart's history. Franklin also recorded acclaimed albums such as I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You, Lady Soul, Young, Gifted & Black and Amazing Grace before experiencing problems with her record company by the mid-1970s. After her father was shot in 1979, Franklin left Atlantic and signed with Arista Records, finding success with a relatively small role in the film, The Blues Brothers and with the albums, Jump to It and Who's Zoomin' Who?. In 1998, Franklin won international acclaim for singing the opera aria, \"Nessun Dorma\", at the Grammys of that year replacing Luciano Pavarotti. Later that same year, she scored her final Top 40 recording with \"A Rose Is Still a Rose\".
/m/02mt4k	Charles Kaufman is a film director, producer, actor and screenwriter.
/m/011xhx	Kiss is an American rock band formed in New York City in January 1973. Well known for its members' black and white face paint and flamboyant stage outfits, the group rose to prominence in the mid to late 1970s with their elaborate live performances, which featured fire breathing, blood spitting, smoking guitars, shooting rockets, levitating drum kits and pyrotechnics. Counting the 1978 solo albums, Kiss has been awarded 28 gold albums to date, the most of any American rock band. The band has sold more than 40 million albums in the United States, of which 24 million have been certified by the RIAA and their worldwide sales exceeds 100 million records, making them one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time. The original 1973–80 lineup consisted of Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons, Ace Frehley and Peter Criss.\nWith their makeup and costumes, they took on the personas of comic book-style characters: Starchild, The Demon, Spaceman or Space Ace and Catman. Stanley became the \"Starchild\" because of his tendency to be referred to as the \"starry-eyed lover\" and \"hopeless romantic\". The \"Demon\" makeup reflected Simmons' cynicism and dark sense of humor, as well as his affection for comic books. Frehley's \"Spaceman\" makeup was a reflection of his fondness for science fiction and his supposedly being from another planet. Criss' \"Catman\" makeup was in accordance with the belief that he had nine lives because of his rough childhood in Brooklyn. Due to creative differences, both Criss and Frehley were out of the group by 1982. The band's commercial fortunes had waned considerably by that point.
/m/07bs0	Tennis is a sport people usually play individually against a single opponent or between two teams of two players each. Each player uses a racquet that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court. The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a good return.\nTennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society and at all ages. The sport can be played by anyone who can hold a racquet, including wheelchair users. The modern game of tennis originated in Birmingham, England, in the late 19th century as \"lawn tennis\". It had close connections both to various field games such as croquet and bowls as well as to the older racquet sport of real tennis. During most of the 19th-century in fact, the term \"tennis\" referred to real tennis, not lawn tennis: for example, in Disraeli's novel Sybil, Lord Eugene De Vere announces that he will \"go down to Hampton Court and play tennis.\"\nThe rules of tennis have changed little since the 1890s. Two exceptions are that from 1908 to 1961 the server had to keep one foot on the ground at all times, and the adoption of the tie-break in the 1970s. A recent addition to professional tennis has been the adoption of electronic review technology coupled with a point challenge system, which allows a player to contest the line call of a point.
/m/059t8	Nova Scotia is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces and constitutes one of the four Atlantic Canada provinces. Located almost exactly halfway between the Equator and the North Pole, its provincial capital is Halifax. Nova Scotia is the second-smallest province in Canada, with an area of 55,284 square kilometres, including Cape Breton Island and another 3,800 coastal islands. As of 2011, the population was 921,727, making Nova Scotia the second-most-densely populated province in Canada.
/m/018cvf	The Toronto International Film Festival is a publicly attended film festival held each September in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. In 2012, 372 films from 72 countries were screened at 34 screens in downtown Toronto venues, welcoming an estimated 400,000 attendees, over 4000 of whom were industry professionals. TIFF traditionally kicks off the Thursday night after Labour Day, lasting for eleven days.\nFounded in 1976, TIFF is now one of the most prestigious events of its kind in the world. In 1998, Variety magazine acknowledged that TIFF \"is second only to Cannes in terms of high-profile pics, stars and market activity.\" In 2007, Time noted that TIFF had \"grown from its place as the most influential fall film festival to the most influential film festival, period.\" This is partially the result of TIFF's ability and reputation for generating \"Oscar buzz\".\nNotable films to have had their world or North American premiere at Toronto include Chariots of Fire, The Big Chill, Husbands and Wives, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Downfall, Sideways, Silver Linings Playbook, The King's Speech, Argo, Moneyball, and Crash.
/m/011zf2	Yo-Yo Ma is a French and American cellist. He was a child prodigy and was performing by age five. He completed a Bachelor's degree from Harvard University in 1976. He has played as a soloist with many major orchestras. His 75 albums have received fifteen Grammy Awards.\nIn addition to recordings of the standard Classical repertoire, he has recorded American bluegrass music; traditional Chinese melodies; the tangos of Argentinian composer Ástor Piazzolla; Brazilian music; and a collaboration with Bobby McFerrin.\nMa's primary performance instrument is a Montagnana cello built in 1733 valued at US$2.5 million.\nHe was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 2001, Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2011, and the Polar Music Prize in 2012.
/m/012m_	Austria-Hungary was a constitutional monarchic union, formally known as the Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Holy Hungarian Crown of Saint Stephen, between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in Central Europe, which operated from 1867 to October 1918, shortly before the end of World War I. The union was a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867, under which the House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government, dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them. The Austrian and the Hungarian lands became independent entities enjoying equal status.\nAustria-Hungary was a multinational realm and one of the world's great powers at the time. Austria-Hungary was geographically the second largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire, and the third most populous. The Empire built up the fourth largest machine building industry of the world, after the United States, Germany and Britain.
/m/0465_	John Keats was an English Romantic poet. He was one of the main figures of the second generation of Romantic poets along with Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley, despite his work having been in publication for only four years before his death.\nAlthough his poems were not generally well received by critics during his life, his reputation grew after his death, so that by the end of the 19th century he had become one of the most beloved of all English poets. He had a significant influence on a diverse range of poets and writers. Jorge Luis Borges stated that his first encounter with Keats was the most significant literary experience of his life.\nThe poetry of Keats is characterised by sensual imagery, most notably in the series of odes. Today his poems and letters are some of the most popular and most analysed in English literature.
/m/027r7k	Murder by Decree is a British-Canadian thriller film involving Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson in the case of the serial murderer Jack the Ripper. As Holmes investigates London's most infamous case, he finds that the Ripper has friends in high places.\nThe film's story of the plot behind the murders is taken from the book Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution by Stephen Knight. The original script contained the names of the historical suspects, Sir William Gull, 1st Baronet and John Netley. In the actual film, they are referred to as Thomas Spivy and William Slade. This plot device was later used in other Jack The Ripper-themed films.
/m/01423b	Chester, is a city in Cheshire, England. Lying on the River Dee, close to the border with Wales, it is home to 120,622 inhabitants, and is the largest and most populous settlement of the wider unitary authority area of Cheshire West and Chester, which had a population of 328,100 according to the 2001 Census. Chester was granted city status in 1541.\nChester was founded as a \"castrum\" or Roman fort with the name Deva Victrix in the year 79 by the Roman Legio II Adiutrix during the reign of the Emperor Vespasian. Chester's four main roads, Eastgate, Northgate, Watergate and Bridge, follow routes laid out at this time – almost 2,000 years ago. One of the three main Roman army camps, Deva later became a major settlement in the Roman province of Britannia. The Roman Empire fell three hundred years later, and the Romano-British established a number of petty kingdoms in its place. Chester is thought to have been part of Powys at this time. King Arthur is said to have fought his ninth battle at the city of the legions and later St Augustine came to the city to try and unite the church and hold his synod with the Welsh Bishops. In 616, Æthelfrith of Northumbria defeated a Welsh army at the Battle of Chester and probably established the Anglo-Saxon position in the area from then on.
/m/0j582	Kirk Douglas is an American film and stage actor, film producer and author. His popular films include Out of the Past, Champion, Ace in the Hole, The Bad and the Beautiful, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Lust for Life, Paths of Glory, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, The Vikings, Spartacus, Lonely Are the Brave, Seven Days in May, The Heroes of Telemark, Saturn 3 and Tough Guys.\nHe is No. 17 on the American Film Institute's list of the greatest male screen legends in American film history, making him the highest-ranked living person on the list. In 1996, he received the Academy Honorary Award \"for 50 years as a creative and moral force in the motion picture community\". A social activist, Douglas played an instrumental role in ending the Hollywood blacklist in 1960 by openly crediting Dalton Trumbo as the writer of Spartacus' screenplay.
/m/01gvr1	Cicely L. Tyson is an American actress. Tyson was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, and the Golden Globe Award for her performance as Rebecca Morgan in Sounder. For this role she also won the NSFC Best Actress and NBR Best Actress Awards. She starred in The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman, for which she won two Emmy Awards and was nominated for a BAFTA Award.\nThroughout her career she has been nominated for nine Primetime Emmy Awards, winning three. In 2011 she appeared in the feature film version of The Help, for which she received awards for her ensemble work as Constantine from the BFCA and SAG Awards and she has an additional three SAG Award nominations. She starred on Broadway in The Trip to Bountiful as Carrie Watts, for which she won the Tony Award, Outer Critics Award, and Drama Desk Award for Best Actress in a Play. She previously received a Drama Desk Award in 1962 for her Off-Broadway performance in Moon on a Rainbow Shawl.
/m/0674hk	Toei Company, Ltd. is a Japanese film, television production, and distribution corporation. Based in Tokyo, Toei owns and operates thirty-four movie theaters across Japan, studios at Tokyo and Kyoto; and is a shareholder in several television companies. It is notable for anime, live action dramas known as tokusatsu which use special visual effects, and historical dramas.\nThe name \"Toei\" is derived from the company's former name \"Tōkyō Eiga Haikyū\".
/m/05_swj	Walter Anthony Murphy, Jr. is an American instrumentalist, songwriter, and arranger. He rose to fame with the hit instrumental \"A Fifth of Beethoven\", a disco adaptation of passages from the first movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, in 1976, when disco was rising in popularity.
/m/01j95f	Huddersfield Town F.C. is an English football club in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire. Huddersfield Town have played the majority of their history in the top two tiers of English football and currently play in the Football League Championship.\nIn 1926, Huddersfield became the first English club to win three successive league titles, a feat which only three other clubs have matched, and none has bettered. They also won the FA Cup in 1922.\nNicknamed The Terriers, the club plays in blue and white vertically striped shirts and white shorts. They have played home games at the John Smith's Stadium since 1994. The stadium replaced Leeds Road, Huddersfield Town's home since 1908.
/m/02hhtj	Wilmer Eduardo Valderrama is an American actor and television personality, known for the role of Fez in the sitcom That '70s Show, hosting the MTV series Yo Momma, and voicing the character of Manny in the children's show Handy Manny.\nHe most recently guest starred on Wizards of Waverly Place and starred as Detective Efrem Vega in the 2012 NBC series Awake.
/m/02jq1	Elvis Aaron Presley was an American singer, musician, and actor. One of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as \"the King of Rock and Roll\", or simply, \"the King\".\nBorn in Tupelo, Mississippi, Presley and his family moved to Memphis, Tennessee, when he was 13 years old. His music career began there in 1954, when he started to work with Sam Phillips, the owner of Sun Records. Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was an early popularizer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues. RCA Victor acquired his contract in a deal arranged by Colonel Tom Parker, who was to manage the singer for more than two decades. Presley's first RCA single, \"Heartbreak Hotel\", released in January 1956, was a number-one hit in the US. He became the leading figure of rock and roll after a series of network television appearances and chart-topping records. His energized interpretations of songs and sexually provocative performance style, combined with a singularly potent mix of influences across color lines that coincided with the dawn of the Civil Rights Movement, made him enormously popular—and controversial.
/m/0bmh4	Dame Elizabeth Rosemond \"Liz\" Taylor, DBE was a British-American actress. From her early years as a child star with MGM, she became one of the great screen actresses of Hollywood's Golden Age. As one of the world's most famous film stars, Taylor was recognized for her acting ability and for her glamorous lifestyle, beauty, and distinctive violet eyes.\nNational Velvet was Taylor's first success, and she starred in Father of the Bride, A Place in the Sun, Giant, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Suddenly, Last Summer. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for BUtterfield 8, played the title role in Cleopatra, and married her costar Richard Burton. They appeared together in 11 films, including Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, for which Taylor won a second Academy Award. From the mid-1970s, she appeared less frequently in film, and made occasional appearances in television and theatre.\nHer much-publicized personal life included eight marriages and several life-threatening illnesses. From the mid-1980s, Taylor championed HIV and AIDS programs; she co-founded the American Foundation for AIDS Research in 1985, and the Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation in 1993. She received the Presidential Citizens Medal, the Legion of Honour, the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award and a Life Achievement Award from the American Film Institute, who named her seventh on their list of the \"Greatest American Screen Legends\". Taylor died of congestive heart failure in March 2011 at the age of 79, having suffered many years of ill health.
/m/0162c8	Brett Ratner is an American film director, film producer, and music video director. He is known for directing the Rush Hour film series, The Family Man, Red Dragon, X-Men: The Last Stand, and Tower Heist. He was also a producer on the Fox drama series, Prison Break.
/m/026ps1	Diana Jean Krall, OC, OBC is a Canadian jazz pianist and singer, known for her contralto vocals. She has sold more than 6 million albums in the US and over 15 million worldwide. On December 11, 2009, Billboard magazine named her the second Jazz artist of the 2000–09 decade, establishing her as one of the best-selling artists of her time. She is the only jazz singer to have eight albums debuting at the top of the Billboard Jazz Albums. To date, she has won two Grammy Awards and eight Juno Awards. She has also earned nine gold, three platinum, and seven multi-platinum albums.
/m/030hcs	William Gaither \"Billy\" Crudup is an American actor of film and stage. He is known for his roles as the guitarist Russell Hammond in Almost Famous, Will Bloom in Big Fish. He also starred in the 2007 romantic comedy film Dedication, alongside Mandy Moore. In 2009, he appeared as Doctor Manhattan in the film Watchmen and as J. Edgar Hoover in the film Public Enemies. Crudup also has experience in voice acting, having voiced the English version of the character Ashitaka from the Studio Ghibli animated film, Princess Mononoke.
/m/02wgln	Alfred Molina is a British actor known for his roles in Raiders of the Lost Ark, Prick Up Your Ears, The Man Who Knew Too Little, Spider-Man 2, Maverick, Species, Not Without My Daughter, Chocolat, Frida, Steamboy, The Hoax, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, The Da Vinci Code, The Little Traitor, An Education and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.\nHe starred as DDA / Detective Ricardo Morales on the NBC police/courtroom drama Law & Order: LA and as Roger opposite Dawn French in the BBC television sitcom Roger & Val Have Just Got In.
/m/02_xgp2	A doctorate is an academic degree or professional degree that, in most countries, qualifies the holder to teach at the university level in the specific field of his or her degree, or to work in a specific profession. While the structure of U.S. doctoral programs is more formal and complex than in some other systems, the research doctorate is not awarded for the preliminary advanced study that leads to doctoral candidacy, but rather for successfully completing and defending the independent research presented in the form of the doctoral dissertation. Several first-professional degrees use the term “doctor” in their title, such as the Juris Doctor and the US version of the Doctor of Medicine, but these degrees do not universally contain an independent research component or always require a dissertation and should not be confused with Ph.D./D.Phil. degrees or other research doctorates. In fact, many universities offer Ph.D./D.Phil. followed by a professional doctorate degree or joint Ph.D./D.Phil. with the professional degree: e.g. Ph.D./D.Phil. in law after J.D. or equivalent in physical therapy after DPT, in pharmacy after DPharm. Often such professional degrees are referred to as entry level doctorate program and Ph.D. as post-professional doctorate.
/m/06nm1	Spanish, also called Castilian, is a Romance language that originated in Castile, a region of Spain. Approximately 406 million people speak Spanish as a native language, making it second only to Mandarin in terms of its number of native speakers worldwide. It also has 60 million speakers as a second language, and 20 million students as a foreign language. Spanish is one of the six official languages of the United Nations, and is used as an official language by the European Union and Mercosur.\nSpanish is a part of the Ibero-Romance group of languages, which evolved from several dialects of common Latin in Iberia after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire in the fifth century. It was first documented in central-northern Iberia in the ninth century and gradually spread with the expansion of the Kingdom of Castile into central and southern Iberia. From its beginnings, Spanish vocabulary was influenced by its contact with Basque and by other related Ibero-Romance languages and later absorbed many Arabic words during the Muslim presence in the Iberian Peninsula. It also adopted many words from non-Iberian languages, particularly the Romance languages Occitan, French, Italian and Sardinian and increasingly from English in modern times, as well as adding its own new words. Spanish was taken to the colonies of the Spanish Empire in the sixteenth century, most notably to the Americas as well as territories in Africa, Oceania and the Philippines.
/m/0147dk	Willard Carroll \"Will\" Smith, Jr. is an American comedic and dramatic actor, producer, and rapper. He has enjoyed success in television, film and music. In April 2007, Newsweek called him the most powerful actor in Hollywood. Smith has been nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, two Academy Awards, and has won four Grammy Awards.\nIn the late 1980s, Smith achieved modest fame as a rapper under the name The Fresh Prince. In 1990, his popularity increased dramatically when he starred in the popular television series The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. The show ran for nearly six years on NBC and has been syndicated consistently on various networks since then. In the mid-1990s, Smith moved from television to film, and ultimately starred in numerous blockbuster films. He is the only actor to have eight consecutive films gross over $100 million in the domestic box office, and eleven consecutive films gross over $150 million internationally and the only one to have eight consecutive films in which he starred open at #1 spot in the domestic box office tally.\nWill Smith is ranked as the most bankable star worldwide by Forbes despite the box-office and critical disappointment of his 2013 film, After Earth, co-starring Jaden Smith. Sixteen of the twenty fiction films he has acted in have accumulated worldwide gross earnings of over $100 million, and five took in over $500 million in global box office receipts. As of 2013, his films have grossed $6.63 billion in global box office. He received Best Actor Oscar nominations for Ali and The Pursuit of Happyness.
/m/02xlf	Fiction is the form of any work that deals, in part or in whole, with information or events that are not real, but rather, imaginary and theoretical—that is, invented by the author. Although the term fiction refers in particular to novels and short stories, it may also refer to a theatrical, cinematic, or musical work. Fiction contrasts with non-fiction, which deals exclusively with factual events, descriptions, observations, etc.
/m/021r6w	Edward Dmytryk was a Canadian-born American film director known around the World War II-era for his film noirs, receiving a nomination for Best Director Oscar for Crossfire.\nIn 1947 he was named as one of the Hollywood Ten, a group of blacklisted film industry professionals who refused to testify to the House Un-American Activities Committee in their investigation during the McCarthy-era 'Red scare'. They served time in prison for being in contempt of Congress. In 1951 Dmytryk did testify to HUAC, and rehabilitated his career.\nFirst hired again by independent producer Stanley Kramer in 1952, Dmytryk is likely best known for directing his The Caine Mutiny, a critical and commercial success. The second highest-grossing film of the year, it was nominated for Best Picture and several other awards at the 1955 Oscars. Dmytryk was nominated for a Directors Guild Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures.
/m/09p2r9	The 62nd Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 2004, were held on January 16, 2005.\nSideways received the most nominations. The Aviator won the most awards, with 3. Finding Neverland had the most nominations without a single win.
/m/01vs4ff	David Jon Gilmour, CBE, is an English musician, singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He is best known for his work as the guitarist and co-lead vocalist of the progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is estimated that as of 2012, the group have sold over 250 million records worldwide, including 74.5 million units sold in the United States.\nIn addition to his work with Pink Floyd, Gilmour has produced a variety of artists, and has enjoyed a successful career as a solo artist. He has also been actively involved with many charities. In 2005, Gilmour was appointed CBE for his services to music. He was awarded with the Outstanding Contribution title at the 2008 Q Awards. In 2011, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him number 14 in their list of the greatest guitarists of all time.
/m/01p4vl	Christopher Ashton Kutcher is an American actor, producer, and former model. He is known for his portrayal of Michael Kelso in the Fox sitcom That '70s Show. He also created, produced, and hosted Punk'd and had lead roles in the Hollywood films Jobs, Dude, Where's My Car?, Just Married, The Butterfly Effect, The Guardian, and What Happens in Vegas.\nKutcher currently stars as Walden Schmidt on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men, since Charlie Sheen's firing from the show in 2011.
/m/01h8rk	Washington State University is a public research university based in Pullman, in the U.S. state of Washington, in the Palouse region of the Pacific Northwest. Founded in 1890, WSU is the state's original and largest land-grant university. The university is well known for its programs in chemical engineering, veterinary medicine, agriculture, animal science, food science, plant science, architecture, neuroscience and communications. It is ranked in the top-ten universities in the US in terms of clean technology and it is one of 96 public and private universities in America with \"very high research activity,\" as determined by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. WSU is ranked among the top half of national universities at 115th according to U.S. News and World Report. With an undergraduate enrollment of 21,816 and a total student enrollment of 27,008, it is the second largest institution of higher education in Washington state.\nThe university also operates campuses across Washington known as WSU Spokane, WSU Tri-Cities, and WSU Vancouver, all founded in 1989. In 2012, WSU launched an Internet-based Global Campus, which includes its online degree program, WSU Online. These campuses award primarily bachelor's and master's degrees. Freshmen and sophomores were first admitted to the Vancouver campus in 2006 and to the Tri-Cities campus in 2007. Total enrollment for the four campuses and WSU Online exceeds 25,900 students. In 2009, this included a record 1,447 international students, the highest since 1994 when there were 1,442.
/m/06_vpyq	Aaron Staton is an American actor, best known for his role as Ken Cosgrove in Mad Men and his role as Cole Phelps in the video game L.A. Noire.
/m/09lcsj	Seraphim Falls is a 2006 American revenge Western film directed by television producer and director David Von Ancken in his first feature film. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Von Ancken and Abby Everett Jaques. The fictional story focuses on a bounty hunt for a Union soldier by a Confederate colonel following the American Civil War in the late 1860s. Pierce Brosnan, Liam Neeson, Michael Wincott, Tom Noonan, and Ed Lauter star in principal roles. Seraphim Falls explores civil topics, such as violence, human survival and war.\nThe film was produced by the motion picture studio of Icon Productions. It was commercially distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films and Destination Films theatrically, and by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment for home media. The film score was composed by musician Harry Gregson-Williams, although a soundtrack version for the motion picture was not released to the public.\nSeraphim Falls premiered at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival and was released to theaters in limited release in the United States on January 26, 2007 grossing $418,296 in domestic ticket sales. It earned an additional $801,762 in box office business overseas for a combined worldwide total of $1,220,058 in revenue. The film was generally met with positive critical reviews before its initial screening in cinemas. The widescreen DVD edition of the film featuring scene selections and a bonus featurette, was released in the United States on May 15, 2007.
/m/01d0b1	Michael Jeter was a Tony– and Emmy-winning American actor of film, stage, and television. His most notable television roles are as Herman Stiles on the sitcom Evening Shade from 1990 until 1994 and for playing Mr. Noodle's brother, Mr. Noodle on Elmo's World from 2000 until 2003. His film roles include Zelig, Waterworld, Air Bud, The Green Mile, Jurassic Park III and The Polar Express among many others.
/m/012t_z	A businessperson is a business professional; especially one with a senior position.\nGender-specific names for a businessperson are businessman and businesswoman. The word businessman was first attested in 1826; businesswoman in 1844; and businessperson in 1974.\nAn extraordinarily wealthy or powerful businessperson is called a business magnate or tycoon.
/m/01cbwl	Pop punk is a fusion music genre that combines elements of punk rock with pop music to varying degrees. The music typically combines fast punk tempos, chord changes and loud guitars with pop-influenced melodies and lyrical themes.\nPop-influenced punk rock emerged in the mid 1970s in multiple countries, and was stylistically similar to power pop. By the early 1980s, several bands merged hardcore punk with pop music to create a new, faster pop punk sound. Pop punk particularly thrived in California, where independent record labels adopted a do it yourself approach to releasing music. In the mid 1990s, a few pop punk bands sold millions of records and received extensive radio and television airplay. A second wave of pop punk in the late 1990s represented the genre's mainstream peak, although some pop punk bands scored successful album chartings in the 2000s. The genre generally waned in popularity by the late 2000s, although it still retains a smaller but dedicated following.
/m/09v6tz	Eric Roth is an American screenwriter. He won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay for Forrest Gump. He also co-wrote the screenplays for several Oscar-nominated films: Michael Mann's The Insider, Steven Spielberg's Munich, and David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
/m/09kr66	Russian Americans are primarily Americans who trace their ancestry to Russia. The definition can be applied to recent Russian immigrants to the United States, as well as to settlers of 19th-century Russian settlements in northwestern America which includes today's Alaska, California, and Oregon.\nSome Rusyn Americans identify as Russian American.
/m/01d2v1	Ghostbusters is a 1984 American supernatural comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis. The film stars Bill Murray, Aykroyd, and Ramis as three eccentric parapsychologists in New York City who start a ghost catching business. Sigourney Weaver and Rick Moranis co-star as a potential client and her neighbor. The Ghostbusters business booms after some initial skepticism, but when an uptown high-rise apartment building becomes the focal point of spirit activity linked to the ancient god Gozer, the problem threatens to overwhelm the team and the entire world.\nOriginally intended by Aykroyd as a project for himself and fellow Saturday Night Live alumnus John Belushi, the film had a very different story during initial drafts. Aykroyd's vision of \"Ghostmashers\" traveling through time, space, and other dimensions to fight large ghosts was deemed financially impractical by Reitman. Based on the director's suggestions, Aykroyd and Ramis finalized the screenplay from May–June 1982. They had written roles specifically for Belushi, John Candy, and Eddie Murphy, but were forced to change the script after Belushi died and the latter two actors would not commit to the film.
/m/05f4m9q	The Razzie Award for Worst Director is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst director of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated. As of the 2011 awards, the only directors with multiple wins are John Derek and M. Night Shyamalan, with two Razzies each.\nTo date, there are only two winners that accepted their awards in person. They are Paul Verhoeven of Showgirls, and Tom Green of Freddy Got Fingered.
/m/02lfns	Dominic Chianese is an American film, television and theatre actor, perhaps best known for his role as Corrado \"Junior\" Soprano on the HBO TV series, The Sopranos.
/m/0lcx	Albert Camus was a French Nobel Prize winning author, journalist, and philosopher. His views contributed to the rise of the philosophy known as absurdism. He wrote in his essay \"The Rebel\" that his whole life was devoted to opposing the philosophy of nihilism while still delving deeply into individual and sexual freedom.\nAlthough often cited as a proponent of existentialism, the philosophy with which Camus was associated during his own lifetime, he rejected this particular label. In an interview in 1945, Camus rejected any ideological associations: \"No, I am not an existentialist. Sartre and I are always surprised to see our names linked...\".\nCamus was born in French Algeria to a Pied-Noir family. He studied at the University of Algiers, where he was goalkeeper for the university team, until he contracted tuberculosis in 1930. In 1949, Camus founded the Group for International Liaisons within the Revolutionary Union Movement after his split with Garry Davis's Citizens of the World movement. The formation of this group, according to Camus, was intended to \"denounce two ideologies found in both the USSR and the USA\" regarding their idolatry of technology.
/m/08cn4_	Judy Greer is an American actress known for portraying a string of supporting characters, including Kitty Sanchez on the Fox/Netflix series Arrested Development and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer. Greer has had a supporting role in a number of romantic comedy films, including The Wedding Planner, 13 Going on 30, 27 Dresses and Love and Other Drugs. She also had a supporting role in the 2011 film The Descendants. In 2011, Greer began hosting an online series of workout videos called Reluctantly Healthy.
/m/0kpl	Atheism is, in a broad sense, the rejection of belief in the existence of deities. In a narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities. Most inclusively, atheism is the absence of belief that any deities exist. Atheism is contrasted with theism, which in its most general form is the belief that at least one deity exists.\nThe term atheism originated from the Greek ἄθεος, meaning \"without god\", used as a pejorative term applied to those thought to reject the gods worshipped by the larger society. With the spread of freethought, skeptical inquiry, and subsequent increase in criticism of religion, application of the term narrowed in scope. The first individuals to identify themselves using the word \"atheist\" lived in the 18th century.\nArguments for atheism range from the philosophical to social and historical approaches. Rationales for not believing in any supernatural deity include the lack of empirical evidence, the problem of evil, the argument from inconsistent revelations, rejection of concepts which cannot be falsified, and the argument from nonbelief. Although some atheists have adopted secular philosophies, there is no one ideology or set of behaviors to which all atheists adhere. Many atheists hold that atheism is a more parsimonious worldview than theism, and therefore the burden of proof lies not on the atheist to disprove the existence of God, but on the theist to provide a rationale for theism.
/m/04zpv	Milk is a white liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals. It is the primary source of nutrition for young mammals before they are able to digest other types of food. Early-lactation milk contains colostrum, which carries the mother's antibodies to the baby and can reduce the risk of many diseases in the baby. It also contains many other nutrients.\nAs an agricultural product, milk is extracted from mammals during or soon after pregnancy and used as food for humans. Worldwide, dairy farms produced about 730 million tonnes of milk in 2011. India is the world's largest producer and consumer of milk, yet neither exports nor imports milk. New Zealand, the European Union's 28 member states, Australia, and the United States are the world's largest exporters of milk and milk products. China and Russia are the world's largest importers of milk and milk products.\nThroughout the world, there are more than 6 billion consumers of milk and milk products. Over 750 million people live within dairy farming households. Milk is a key contributor to improving nutrition and food security particularly in developing countries. Improvements in livestock and dairy technology offer significant promise in reducing poverty and malnutrition in the world.
/m/06mtq	South Australia is a state in the southern central part of Australia. It covers some of the most arid parts of the continent. With a total land area of 983,482 square kilometres, it is the fourth largest of Australia's states and territories.\nSouth Australia shares borders with all of the other mainland states, and with the Northern Territory; it is bordered to the west by Western Australia, to the north by the Northern Territory, to the north-east by Queensland, to the east by New South Wales, to the south-east by Victoria, and to the south by the Great Australian Bight and the Indian Ocean. With over 1.6 million people, the state comprises less than 8% of the Australian population and ranks fifth in population among the six states and territories. The majority of its people reside in the state capital, Adelaide. Most of the remainder are settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray. The state's colonial origins are unique in Australia as a freely settled, planned British province, rather than as a convict settlement. Official settlement began on 28 December 1836, when the colony was proclaimed at The Old Gum Tree by Governor John Hindmarsh.
/m/01f6zc	Gary Leonard Oldman is an English screen and stage actor, filmmaker and musician. As an actor, he has collaborated with many of Hollywood's biggest filmmakers, including Francis Ford Coppola, Christopher Nolan, Ridley Scott, Oliver Stone, Quentin Tarantino and Robert Zemeckis. Some of his best-known roles are Sid Vicious in Sid and Nancy, Joe Orton in Prick Up Your Ears, Lee Harvey Oswald in JFK, Count Dracula in Bram Stoker's Dracula, Drexl Spivey in True Romance, Norman Stansfield in Léon: The Professional, Ludwig van Beethoven in Immortal Beloved, Sirius Black in the Harry Potter series, James Gordon in Nolan's Batman trilogy, and George Smiley in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.\nOldman is also known for his role in the films Meantime, The Firm, State of Grace, Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead, Basquiat, The Fifth Element, Air Force One, The Contender, Hannibal, Kung Fu Panda 2, and Lawless. As of 2013, Oldman's films have grossed over $3.7 billion at the United States box office, and over $9.6 billion worldwide. Aside from acting in films, Oldman wrote and directed Nil by Mouth, and appeared in television shows like Friends and Knots Landing, as well as recording music with David Bowie and Glen Matlock. A Royal Shakespeare Company and Royal Court Theatre alumnus, Oldman is also a classically trained actor who has appeared in many stage productions.
/m/02dlh2	The conga is a tall, narrow, single-headed African drum. The Cuban conga is staved, like a barrel. These drums may have been salvaged barrels originally. They are used in the Carnaval rhythm called conga, and is the principal instrument in rumba. Congas are now very common in Latin music, including salsa music, merengue music and reggae, as well as many other forms of popular music.
/m/0j0pf	Alastair Preston Reynolds is a British science fiction author. He specialises in dark hard science fiction and space opera. He spent his early years in Cornwall, moved back to Wales before going to Newcastle, where he read physics and astronomy. Afterwards, he earned a PhD from St Andrews, Scotland. In 1991, he moved to Noordwijk in the Netherlands where he met his wife Josette. There, he worked for the European Space Research and Technology Centre, part of the European Space Agency, until 2004 when he left to pursue writing full-time. He returned to Wales in 2008 and lives near Cardiff.
/m/05148p4	A keyboard instrument is a musical instrument played using a keyboard. The most common of these is the piano. Some other types of keyboard instruments include celestas, which are struck idiophones operated by a keyboard, carillons, which are usually housed in bell towers or belfries of churches or other municipal buildings, and other non-acoustic instruments, such as various electronic organs, synthesizers, and keyboards designed to imitate other musical sounds.\nToday, the term \"keyboard\" is most commonly used to refer to keyboard-style synthesizers. Under the fingers of a sensitive performer, the keyboard may also be used to control dynamics, phrasing, shading, articulation, and other elements of expression, depending on the design and inherent capabilities of the instrument.
/m/05mc99	Joseph Thomas \"Joe\" Morton, Jr. is an American stage, television, and film actor.
/m/01b66d	Guiding Light is an American television soap opera that is credited by the Guinness Book of World Records as the longest-running television drama in history, broadcast from 1952 until 2009, preceded by a 15-year broadcast on radio. Guiding Light stands as the fourth longest-running program in all of broadcast history; only the Norwegian children's radio program Lørdagsbarnetimen, the American country music radio program Grand Ole Opry and the BBC religious program The Daily Service have been on the air longer.\nGuiding Light was created by Irna Phillips, and began as an NBC Radio serial on January 25, 1937. During June 2, 1947, the series was transferred to CBS Radio, before starting on June 30, 1952, on CBS Television. It would continue to be broadcast concomitantly on radio until June 29, 1956. The series was expanded from 15 minutes to a half-hour during 1968, and then to a full hour on November 7, 1977. The series broadcast its 15,000th televised episode on September 6, 2006.\nOn April 1, 2009, it was announced that CBS had cancelled Guiding Light after a 72-year run due to low ratings. The show taped its final scenes for CBS on August 11, 2009, and its final episode on the network aired on September 18, 2009. On October 5, 2009, CBS replaced Guiding Light with an hour-long revival of Let's Make a Deal, hosted by Wayne Brady.
/m/03mgx6z	Taken is a 2008 English-language French action thriller film which stars Liam Neeson. Neeson plays a former Central Intelligence Agency operative who sets about tracking down his daughter after she is kidnapped by human traffickers for sexual slavery while traveling in France. Numerous media outlets have cited the film as a turning point in Neeson's career that redefined and transformed Neeson to an action film star.
/m/07dfk	Tokyo, officially Tokyo Metropolis, is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan. Tokyo is the capital of Japan, the center of the Greater Tokyo Area, and the most populous metropolitan area in the world. It is the seat of the Japanese government and the Imperial Palace, and the home of the Japanese Imperial Family. Tokyo is in the Kantō region on the southeastern side of the main island Honshu and includes the Izu Islands and Ogasawara Islands. Tokyo Metropolis was formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture and the city of Tokyo.\nTokyo is often referred to and thought of as a city, but is officially known as a \"metropolitan prefecture\", which differs from a city. The Tokyo metropolitan government administers the 23 Special Wards of Tokyo, which cover the area that was formerly the City of Tokyo before it merged and became the subsequent metropolitan prefecture in 1943. The metropolitan government also administers 39 municipalities in the western part of the prefecture and the two outlying island chains. The population of the special wards is over 9 million people, with the total population of the prefecture exceeding 13 million. The prefecture is part of the world's most populous metropolitan area with upwards of 35 million people and the world's largest urban agglomeration economy.The city hosts 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies, the highest number of any city.
/m/01r2l	Chinese is a group of related language varieties, several of which are not mutually intelligible, and is variously described as a language or language family. Originally the indigenous speech of the Han majority in China, Chinese forms one of the branches of the Sino-Tibetan language family and is now spoken by many Chinese ethnic groups. About one-fifth of the world's population, or over one billion people, speaks some form of Chinese as their first language.\nVarieties of Chinese are usually perceived by native speakers as dialects of a single Chinese language, rather than separate languages, although this identification is considered inappropriate by some linguists and sinologists. The internal diversity of Chinese has been likened to that of the Romance languages, although all varieties of Chinese are tonal and analytic. There are between 7 and 13 main regional groups of Chinese, of which the most spoken, by far, is Mandarin, followed by Wu, Yue and Min. Most of these groups are mutually unintelligible, although some, like Xiang and the Southwest Mandarin dialects, may share common terms and some degree of intelligibility.
/m/02kxbx3	Joel Coen is a screenwriter, film director and producer.
/m/09f07	Delhi is a metropolitan region in India. With a population of 22 million in 2011, it is the world's second most populous city and the largest city in India in terms of area. The NCT and its urban region have been given the special status of National Capital Region under the Constitution of India's 69th amendment act of 1991. The NCR includes the neighbouring cities of Alwar, Baghpat, Gurgaon, Sonepat, Faridabad, Ghaziabad, Noida, Greater Noida and other nearby towns, and has nearly 22.2 million residents.\nA union territory, the political administration of the NCT of Delhi today more closely resembles that of a state of India, with its own legislature, high court and an executive council of ministers headed by a Chief Minister. New Delhi is jointly administered by the federal government of India and the local government of Delhi, and is the capital of the NCT of Delhi.\nDelhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BC. Through most of its history, Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires. It has been captured, ransacked and rebuilt several times, particularly during the medieval period, and the modern Delhi is a cluster of a number of cities spread across the metropolitan region. This is why Delhi is sometimes called the City of cities.
/m/030k94	Boston Legal is an American legal dramedy created by David E. Kelley and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television for ABC. The series aired from October 3, 2004, to December 8, 2008.\nBoston Legal is a spin-off of long-running Kelley series The Practice, following the exploits of former Practice character Alan Shore at the legal firm of Crane, Poole & Schmidt.
/m/02wvfxz	The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in the sport of American football. The Yellow Jackets team, also known as the \"Ramblin' Wreck\", and historically as the \"Engineers\", competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Georgia Institute of Technology has fielded a football team since 1892 and has an all-time record of 664–447–43. The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia, which has a capacity of 55,000. The Yellow Jackets have won four Division I-A college football national championships and fifteen conference titles.\nA number of successful collegiate and professional football players once played for Tech. The school has 48 first-team All-Americans and over 150 alumni who have played in the NFL. Among the most lauded and most notable players the school has produced are Keith Brooking, Joe Hamilton, Joe Guyon, Billy Shaw, Calvin Johnson and Demaryius Thomas. In addition to its players, Tech's football program has been noted for its coaches and its, in many cases bizarre traditions and game finishes. Among the team's former coaches are John Heisman, for whom the Heisman trophy is named, and Bobby Dodd, for whom the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award and the school's stadium are named. Heisman led the team to the highest-scoring game in American football history, and both Heisman and Dodd led Tech's football team to national championships. Dodd also led the Jackets on their longest winning streak against the University of Georgia, Tech's most time-endured rival.
/m/08cyft	Electronic dance music is a set of percussive electronic music genres produced primarily for environments centered in dance-based entertainment, such as nightclub settings. The music is largely created for use by disc jockeys and is produced with the intention of it being heard in the context of a continuous DJ set; wherein the DJ progresses from one record to the next via a synchronized segue or \"mix\". In the United States during the late 00s the acronym EDM established itself as a short hand term for electronic dance music.
/m/01j5ws	Michael John Douglas, better known by the stage name Michael Keaton, is an American actor who became popular for his early comedic film roles, most notably his performance as the title character of Tim Burton's Beetlejuice, and later gained international fame for his dramatic portrayal of Bruce Wayne / Batman in Tim Burton's Batman and Batman Returns. He has appeared in various other films, including Night Shift, Mr. Mom, Clean and Sober, Pacific Heights and Jackie Brown, and has also provided voicework for Pixar's Cars and Toy Story 3.
/m/09xbpt	Ocean's Thirteen is a 2007 crime comedy heist film directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring an ensemble cast. It is the third and final film in the Soderbergh series following the 2004 sequel Ocean's Twelve and the 2001 film Ocean's Eleven, which itself was a remake of the 1960 Rat Pack film Ocean's 11. All the male cast members reprise their roles from the previous installments but neither Julia Roberts nor Catherine Zeta-Jones return.\nAl Pacino and Ellen Barkin joined the cast as their new targets.\nFilming began in July 2006 in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, based on a script by Brian Koppelman and David Levien. The film was screened for the Out of Competition presentation at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It was released on June 8, 2007, in the United States and in several countries in the Middle East on June 6.
/m/02x0dzw	Jennifer Shrader Lawrence is an American actress. Her first major role was as a lead cast member on the TBS sitcom The Bill Engvall Show. She subsequently appeared in the independent films The Burning Plain and Winter's Bone, for which she received her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination; at the time, she was the second youngest person to receive a nomination in the category.\nAt age 22, Lawrence's performance in the David O. Russell-directed romantic comedy Silver Linings Playbook earned her several awards, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and the Academy Award for Best Actress, making her the second-youngest Best Actress winner at the Oscars. For her supporting role in Russell's comedy-drama American Hustle, she was awarded the Golden Globe Award, the BAFTA Award and received a third Academy Award nomination, all for Best Supporting Actress.\nLawrence is also known for playing Raven Darkhölme / Mystique in the 2011 superhero film X-Men: First Class, a role she will reprise in the 2014 film X-Men: Days of Future Past. Beginning in 2012, she gained international fame for playing the leading heroine, Katniss Everdeen, in the The Hunger Games film series. Her performance in the films garnered her notable critical praise and marked her as the highest-grossing action heroine of all time.
/m/0h7t36	Synecdoche, New York is a 2008 American postmodern drama film written and directed by Charlie Kaufman, and starring Philip Seymour Hoffman. It was Kaufman's directorial debut.\nThe plot follows an ailing theatre director as he works on an increasingly elaborate stage production whose extreme commitment to realism begins to blur the boundaries between fiction and reality.\nThe film premiered in competition at the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival on May 23, 2008. Sony Pictures Classics acquired the United States distribution rights, paying no money but agreeing to give the film's backers a portion of the revenues. It had a limited theatrical release in the U.S. on October 24, 2008. Despite many favorable reviews by critics, the film generated much less revenue than it cost. The film's title is a play on Schenectady, New York, where much of the film is set, and the concept of synecdoche, wherein a part of something represents the whole, or vice versa.
/m/04jwly	Far from Heaven is a 2002 American drama film written and directed by Todd Haynes and starring Julianne Moore, Dennis Quaid, Dennis Haysbert, and Patricia Clarkson.\nThe film tells the story of Cathy Whitaker, a 1950s housewife, living in suburban Connecticut as she sees her seemingly perfect life begin to fall apart. It is done in the style of a Douglas Sirk film, dealing with complex contemporary issues such as race, gender roles, sexual orientation and class.\nThe film, which received extremely positive critical reviews, was nominated for several Academy Awards: for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Original Screenplay, Best Cinematography, and Best Original Score.
/m/02py8_w	The Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team is an NCAA Division I college basketball team competing in the Big Ten Conference. Home games are played at the State Farm Center, located on the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's campus in Champaign.\nThe team's head coach is currently John Groce.
/m/06msq2	Ben Karlin is an American television producer. He is an eight time Emmy-winning American writer and executive producer best known for his work in The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and The Colbert Report. He is one of three co-creators of The Colbert Report along with Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart. Karlin left Comedy Central in December 2006.\nHis book, released February 2008, is a collection of essays entitled Things I've Learned From Women Who've Dumped Me. It contains essays by Andy Richter, Will Forte, David Wain, Stephen Colbert, Patton Oswalt, Bob Odenkirk, and many others. Karlin is also the co-editor of America alongside Jon Stewart and David Javerbaum. He wrote for Space Ghost: Coast to Coast and The Onion from 1993-1996.
/m/03m5k	The harp is a multi-string musical instrument which has the plane of its strings positioned perpendicularly to the soundboard. Organologically, it is in the general category of chordophones and has its own sub category. All harps have a neck, resonator and strings. Some, known as frame harps, also have a pillar; those without the pillar are referred to as open harps. Depending on its size, which varies, a harp may be played while held in the lap or while it stands on a table, or on the floor. Harp strings may be made of nylon, gut, wire or silk. On smaller harps, like the folk harp, the core string material will typically be the same for all strings on a given harp. Larger instruments like the modern concert harp mix string materials to attain their extended ranges. A person who plays the harp is called a harpist or harper. Folk musicians often use the term \"harper\", whereas classical musicians use \"harpist\".\nVarious types of harps are found in Africa, Europe, North and South America and in Asia. In antiquity, harps and the closely related lyres were very prominent in nearly all cultures. The harp also was predominant with medieval bards, troubadors and minnesingers throughout the Spanish Empire. Harps continued to grow in popularity due to improvements in their design and construction through the beginning of the 20th century.
/m/07t65	The United Nations is an intergovernmental organization established on 24 October 1945 to promote international co-operation. A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations, the organization was created following the Second World War to prevent another such conflict. At its founding, the UN had 51 member states; there are now 193. The UN Headquarters resides in international territory in New York City, with further main offices in Geneva, Nairobi, and Vienna. The organization is financed by assessed and voluntary contributions from its member states. Its objectives include maintaining international peace and security, promoting human rights, fostering social and economic development, protecting the environment, and providing humanitarian aid in cases of famine, natural disaster, and armed conflict.\nDuring the Second World War, US President Franklin D. Roosevelt initiated talks on a successor agency to the League of Nations, and the United Nations Charter was drafted at a conference in April–June 1945; this charter took effect on 24 October 1945, and the UN began operation. The UN's mission to preserve world peace was complicated in its early decades by the Cold War between the US and Soviet Union and their respective allies. The organization participated in major actions in Korea and the Congo, as well as approving the creation of the state of Israel in 1947. The organization's membership grew significantly following widespread decolonization in the 1960s, and by the 1970s its budget for economic and social development programmes far outstripped its spending on peacekeeping. After the end of the Cold War, the UN took on major military and peacekeeping missions across the world with varying degrees of success.
/m/02b1ng	Woking Football Club is an English football club based in Woking, Surrey, formed in 1889. The club plays at Kingfield Stadium and participates in the Conference National, the fifth tier of English football.\nWoking have won the FA Trophy a joint-record 3 times and finished the Conference National 2012–13 season in 12th place. Woking are known as the Cards or Cardinals.
/m/0bfvd4	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie. Prior to 1975, supporting actors in miniseries and movies were included in either the comedy or drama categories along with regular series. From 1975 to 1978, the award was called Outstanding Single Performance by a Supporting Actor in a Comedy or Drama Special. Despite the category's name, appearances in multiple episodes of miniseries, such as first winner Anthony Quayle's in QB VII, were included. In 1979, the award was renamed Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or a Special, then Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Special in 1986, then the current name in 1998.
/m/04hs7d	Yu-Gi-Oh!, known in Japan as Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, is a television anime series produced by Nihon Ad Systems and Studio Gallop, based on the Yu-Gi-Oh! manga series written by Kazuki Takahashi. It is the second anime adaptation of the manga following the 1998 TV anime series produced by Toei Animation, adapting the manga from the Duelist Kingdom arc onwards. Like the manga and original anime, this series revolves around a kid named Yugi Mutou, who faces various opponents in various games, mostly a game known as Duel Monsters. The series originally aired in Japan on TV Tokyo, replacing the timeslot originally occupied by Rerere no Tensai Bakabon, between April 2000 and September 2004, running for 224 episodes . An English-language adaptation by 4Kids Entertainment aired in North America between September 2001 and June 2006 on Kids' WB, also releasing the series in various countries outside of Japan. Based on the success of the series, 4Kids also commissioned an animated film, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light, and a mini-series, Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters. The series has spawned three main spin-off anime series; Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's and Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
/m/077yk0	Jessalyn Sarah Gilsig is a Canadian actress known for her roles in the television series Boston Public, as Gina Russo in Nip/Tuck and as Will Schuester's wife/ex-wife, Terri Schuester, in Glee. She also appeared in several episodes of NYPD Blue, Prison Break, and had a recurring role on Heroes, as well as several other series.
/m/045w_4	Gillian Spencer is an American soap opera actress and writer.\nShe has had roles on soaps such as The Edge of Night, The Secret Storm, Guiding Light, As the World Turns and on One Life to Live as the original Victoria \"Viki\" Lord from 1968 until 1970.\nSpencer appeared in the 1968 feature comedy What's So Bad About Feeling Good?; in the film, she plays The Sack, a melancholy young woman living in a New York City commune with a burlap sack covering her entire body except for her bare feet.\nHowever, she is probably best remembered for playing the role of Daisy Murdock Cortlandt on the ABC soap, All My Children, a role she played from 1980 through 1989, and in 1994, 1995, 1996, and on April 20, 2010 with Taylor Miller for the tribute episode for James Mitchell. Daisy was originally presumed dead and used the alias \"Monique Jonvil\" to befriend Nina in college. Over the years, Nina often referred to her mother as \"Monique\". For her role of Daisy, Spencer received an Emmy Nomination for Best Actress.\nShe was co-head writer of Another World. She has also been a writer for As the World Turns, All My Children and the serial Days of our Lives.
/m/0gywn	Soul music is a popular music genre that originated in the United States in the 1950s and early 1960s. It combined elements of African-American gospel music, rhythm and blues, and often jazz. Soul music became popular for dancing and listening in the United States – where music such as that of the Motown, Atlantic and Stax labels was influential during the period of the civil rights movement – and across the world, directly influencing rock music and the music of Africa.\nAccording to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, soul is \"music that arose out of the black experience in America through the transmutation of gospel and rhythm & blues into a form of funky, secular testifying.\" Catchy rhythms, stressed by handclaps and extemporaneous body moves, are an important feature of soul music. Other characteristics are a call and response between the soloist and the chorus, and an especially tense vocal sound. The style also occasionally uses improvisational additions, twirls and auxiliary sounds.
/m/02lfl4	Genaro Anthony \"Tony\" Sirico, Jr. is an American actor and voice actor who is most noted for his role as the mobster Paulie \"Walnuts\" Gualtieri in the television series The Sopranos.
/m/0bkf4	Robert Nesta Marley OM was a Jamaican singer-songwriter who achieved international fame through a series of crossover reggae albums. Starting out in 1963 with the group the Wailers, he forged a distinctive songwriting and vocal style that would later resonate with audiences worldwide. The Wailers would go on to release some of the earliest reggae records with producer Lee Scratch Perry. After the Wailers disbanded in 1974, Marley pursued a solo career which culminated in the release of the album Exodus in 1977 which established his worldwide reputation. He was a committed Rastafarian who infused his music with a profound sense of spirituality.
/m/07b_l	Texas is the second most populous and the second-largest of the 50 states in the United States of America, and the largest state in the 48 contiguous United States. Geographically located in the South Central part of the country, Texas shares an international border with the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas to the south and borders the U.S. states of New Mexico to the west, Oklahoma to the north, Arkansas to the northeast, and Louisiana to the east. Texas has an area of 268,820 square miles and a growing population of over 26.4 million residents\nHouston is the largest city in Texas and the fourth-largest in the United States, while San Antonio is the second largest in the state and seventh largest in the United States. Dallas–Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest United States metropolitan areas, respectively. Other major cities include El Paso and Austin—the state capital. Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State to signify Texas as a former independent republic and as a reminder of the state's struggle for independence from Mexico. The \"Lone Star\" can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal today. The origin of the state name, Texas, is from the word, \"Tejas\", which means 'friends' in the Caddo language.
/m/04vr_f	The Departed is a 2006 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan. It is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film Infernal Affairs. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, and Mark Wahlberg, with Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, and Alec Baldwin in supporting roles.\nIt won several awards, including four Oscars at the 79th Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Film Editing. Wahlberg was nominated for Best Supporting Actor.\nThe film takes place in Boston. Irish Mob boss Francis \"Frank\" Costello plants Colin Sullivan as a mole within the Massachusetts State Police; the two characters are loosely based on famous gangster Whitey Bulger and corrupt FBI agent John Connolly, who grew up with Bulger. Simultaneously, the police assign undercover trooper William \"Billy\" Costigan to infiltrate Costello's crew. When both sides realize the situation, each man attempts to discover the other's true identity before his own cover is blown.
/m/0226cw	John David Dingell, Jr. is an American politician who has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since December 13, 1955. He is a member of the Democratic Party.\nHe is the longest-serving member to of the House, having served for over 58 years; he has the longest uninterrupted Congressional tenure in U.S. history, and is the currently serving member of Congress with the longest tenure. He is also the current and longest-serving Dean of the U.S. House of Representatives, and the Dean of the Michigan congressional delegation. Dingell is one of two World War II veterans still serving in Congress; the other is Texas Congressman Ralph Hall. Dingell is a long-time member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and Chaired the committee over multiple Congresses.\nDingell's district was first in western Detroit, but redistricting has successively moved him further into the city's western suburbs. Since 2013, he has represented Michigan's 12th congressional district.\nDingell announced on February 24, 2014 that he would not seek re-election to a 30th term in Congress.
/m/049tjg	Van Johnson was an American film and television actor and dancer who was a major star at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios during and after World War II.\nJohnson was the embodiment of the \"boy-next-door wholesomeness made him a popular Hollywood star in the '40s and '50s,\" playing \"the red-haired, freckle-faced soldier, sailor or bomber pilot who used to live down the street\" in MGM movies during the war years with such films as Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, A Guy Named Joe and The Caine Mutiny. Johnson made occasional World War II movies through the end of the 1960s, and he played a military officer in one of his final feature films, in 1992. At the time of his death in December 2008, he was one of the last surviving matinee idols of Hollywood's \"golden age.\"
/m/06by7	Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as \"rock and roll\" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.\nMusically, rock has centered on the electric guitar, usually as part of a rock group with bass guitar and drums. Typically, rock is song-based music usually with a 4/4 time signature using a verse-chorus form, but the genre has become extremely diverse. Like pop music, lyrics often stress romantic love but also address a wide variety of other themes that are frequently social or political in emphasis. The dominance of rock by white, male musicians has been seen as one of the key factors shaping the themes explored in rock music. Rock places a higher degree of emphasis on musicianship, live performance, and an ideology of authenticity than pop music.\nBy the late 1960s, referred to as the \"golden age\" or \"classic rock\" period, a number of distinct rock music sub-genres had emerged, including hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, and jazz-rock fusion, many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock, which was influenced by the countercultural psychedelic scene. New genres that emerged from this scene included progressive rock, which extended the artistic elements; glam rock, which highlighted showmanship and visual style; and the diverse and enduring major sub-genre of heavy metal, which emphasized volume, power, and speed. In the second half of the 1970s, punk rock both intensified and reacted against some of these trends to produce a raw, energetic form of music characterized by overt political and social critiques. Punk was an influence into the 1980s on the subsequent development of other sub-genres, including new wave, post-punk and eventually the alternative rock movement. From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break through into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock. Further fusion sub-genres have since emerged, including pop punk, rap rock, and rap metal, as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history, including the garage rock/post-punk and synthpop revivals at the beginning of the new millennium.
/m/0phrl	Days of Our Lives, often abbreviated to DOOL or Days, is a daytime soap opera broadcast on the NBC television network. It is one of the longest-running scripted television programs in the world, airing nearly every weekday in the United States since November 8, 1965. It has since been syndicated to many countries around the world. It ro-broadcasting same-day episodes on SOAPnet weeknights at 8 and 10 p.m. until the network's closure in 2013. The series was created by husband-and-wife team Ted Corday and Betty Corday. Irna Phillips was a story editor for Days of Our Lives and many of the show's earliest storylines were written by William J. Bell. In January 2014, the show was renewed through September 2016.\nDue to the series' success, it was expanded from 30 minutes to 60 minutes on April 21, 1975. Since that date, the mid-show bumper, featuring the phrase \"We will return for the second half of Days of Our Lives in just a moment\", was aired with every episode and voiced by the series' original star, Macdonald Carey.\nThe series focuses on its core families, the Hortons and the Bradys. Several other families have been added to the cast, and many of them still appear on the show. Frances Reid, the matriarch of the series' Horton family remained with the show from its inception to her death on February 3, 2010. Suzanne Rogers celebrated 40 years on Days of Our Lives this year, appearing on the show more or less since her first appearance in 1973. Susan Seaforth Hayes is the only cast member to appear on Days of Our Lives in all six decades it has been on air.
/m/0mcl0	Out of Africa is a 1985 American romantic drama film directed and produced by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford and Meryl Streep. The film is based loosely on the autobiographical book Out of Africa written by Isak Dinesen, which was published in 1937, with additional material from Dinesen's book Shadows on the Grass and other sources. This film received 28 film awards, including seven Academy Awards.\nThe book was adapted into a screenplay by the writer Kurt Luedtke, and directed by the American Sydney Pollack. Streep played Karen Blixen; Redford played Denys Finch Hatton; and Klaus Maria Brandauer played Baron Bror Blixen. Others in the film included Michael Kitchen as Berkeley Cole; Malick Bowens as Farah; Stephen Kinyanjui as the Chief; Michael Gough as Lord Delamere; Suzanna Hamilton as Felicity, and the model Iman as Mariammo.
/m/038hg	Green is the color of growing grass and leaves, of emeralds, and of jade. In the continuum of colors of visible light, it is located between yellow and blue. It is also one of three primary additive colors, along with red and blue, which, combined in different combinations on a computer or television display, make all the other colors.\nGreen is the color most commonly associated with nature, the environmental movement, Ireland, Islam, spring, hope and envy.
/m/028dcg	A Bachelor of Fine Arts is the standard undergraduate degree for students in the United States and Canada seeking a professional education in the visual or performing arts. In some countries such a degree is called a Bachelor of Creative Arts. In Great Britain the equivalent degree is the Bachelor of Arts in Fine Arts. In Australia the Bachelor of Fine Arts is awarded to students completing a degree in visual and performing arts. Specific degrees such as the Bachelor of Dance or Bachelor of Drama are used by some performing arts institutions in Australia and much of Europe. In India a Fine Arts undergraduate degree is known as a BFA or BVA. It is a four-year degree.\nIn the United States the Bachelor of Fine Arts degree differs from a Bachelor of Arts degree in that the majority of the program consists of a practical studio component, as contrasted with lecture and discussion classes. A typical BFA program in the United States consists of two-thirds study in the arts, with one-third in more general liberal arts studies. For a BA in Art, the ratio might be reversed.\nThe National Association of Schools of Art and Design, which accredits Bachelor of Fine Arts programs in visual art and design in the United States, states that \"the professional degree focuses on intensive work in the visual arts supported by a program of general studies,\" whereas \"the liberal arts degree focuses on art and design in the context of a broad program of general studies.\"
/m/03k8th	The Bourne Supremacy is a 2004 American-German action and spy film loosely based on Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name. The film was directed by Paul Greengrass from a screenplay by Tony Gilroy. Universal Pictures released the film to theaters in the United States on July 23, 2004. It is the second in the Bourne film series. It is preceded by The Bourne Identity and followed by The Bourne Ultimatum and The Bourne Legacy.\nThe Bourne Supremacy continues the story of Jason Bourne, a former CIA assassin suffering from psychogenic amnesia. Bourne is portrayed by Matt Damon. The film focuses on his attempt to learn more of his past as he is once more enveloped in a conspiracy involving the CIA and Operation Treadstone. The film also stars Brian Cox as Ward Abbott, Joan Allen as Pamela Landy and Julia Stiles as Nicky Parsons.
/m/05p553	Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humour. These films are designed to entertain the audience through amusement, and often work by exaggerating characteristics of real life for humorous effect.\nFilms in this style traditionally have a happy ending. One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. Comedy, unlike other film genres, puts much more focus on individual stars, with many former stand-up comics transitioning to the film industry due to their popularity. While many comic films are lighthearted stories with no intent other than to amuse, others contain political or social commentary.
/m/0y617	Troy is a city in the US State of New York and the seat of Rensselaer County. Troy is located on the western edge of Rensselaer County and on the eastern bank of the Hudson River. Troy has close ties to the nearby cities of Albany and Schenectady, forming a region popularly called the Capital District. The city is one of the three major centers for the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of 850,957. At the 2010 census, the population of Troy was 50,129. Troy's motto is Ilium fuit, Troja est, which means \"Ilium was, Troy is\".\nBefore European arrival, the area was settled by the Mahican Indian tribe. There were at least two settlements within today's city limits, Panhooseck and Paanpack. The Dutch began settling in the mid 17th century; the patroon Kiliaen van Rensselaer called the area Pafraets Dael, after his mother. Control of New York passed to the English in 1664 and in 1707 Derick Van der Heyden purchased a farm near today's downtown area. In 1771 Abraham Lansing had his farm in today's Lansingburgh laid out into lots. Responding to Lansing's success to the north, in 1787, Van der Heyden's grandson Jacob had his extensive holdings surveyed and laid out into lots as well, calling the new village Vanderheyden.
/m/0kbvb	The 2004 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad, was a premier international multi-sport event held in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004 with the motto Welcome Home. 10,625 athletes competed, some 600 more than expected, accompanied by 5,501 team officials from 201 countries. There were 301 medal events in 28 different sports. Athens 2004 marked the first time since the 1996 Summer Olympics that all countries with a National Olympic Committee were in attendance. It was also the first time since 1896 that the Olympics were held in Greece.\nA new medal obverse was introduced at these Games, replacing the design by Giuseppe Cassioli that had been used since the 1928 Games. This rectified the long lasting mistake of using a depiction of the Roman Colosseum rather than a Greek venue. The new design features the Panathinaiko Stadium.\nThe 2004 summer games were hailed as \"unforgettable, dream games\" by IOC president Jacques Rogge, and left Athens with a significantly improved infrastructure, including a new airport, ring road, and subway system.
/m/01nx_8	Terrence McNally is an American playwright who has received four Tony Awards, an Emmy Award, two Guggenheim Fellowships, a Rockefeller Grant, the Lucille Lortel Award, the Hull-Warriner Award, and a citation from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.\nHe has been a member of the Council of the Dramatists Guild since 1970 and served as vice-president from 1981 to 2001. McNally was partnered to Thomas Kirdahy following a civil union ceremony in Vermont in 2003, and they subsequently married in Washington, D.C. on April 6, 2010.
/m/0bm02	A bass drum is a large drum that produces a note of low definite or indefinite pitch.\nBass drums are percussion instruments and vary in size and are used in several musical genres. Three major types of bass drums can be distinguished.\nThe type usually seen or heard in orchestral, ensemble or concert band music is the orchestral, or concert bass drum. It is the largest drum of the orchestra.\nThe kick drum, struck with a beater attached to a pedal, usually seen on drum kits.\nThe pitched bass drum, generally used in marching bands and drum corps. This is tuned to a specific pitch and is usually played in a set of three to six drums.
/m/069_0y	Andrew Lau Wai-Keung is a Hong Kong film director, cinematographer and producer. Lau began his career in the 1980s and 1990s, serving as a cinematographer to filmmakers such as Ringo Lam, Wong Jing and Wong Kar-wai. In the 1990s, Lau decided to have more creative freedom as a cinematographer by becoming a film director and producer. Apart from making films in his native Hong Kong, Lau has also made films in China, Korea and the United States. A highly prolific filmmaker, Lau has made films in a variety of genres, and is most notable in the West for his action and crime films which include the Young and Dangerous film series, and the Infernal Affairs trilogy.
/m/01p970	The tabla is a membranophone percussion instrument, which are often used in Hindustani classical music, invented by the Indian Sufi saint Amir Khusro. It is still used in the music behind folk and sufi poetry. It later became a part of Hindustani music industry. The instrument consists of a pair of hand drums of contrasting sizes and timbres. The term tabla is derived from an Arabic word, tabl, which simply means \"drum.\" The tabla is used in some other Asian musical traditions outside of India, such as in the Indonesian dangdut genre.\nPlaying technique involves extensive use of the fingers and palms in various configurations to create a wide variety of different sounds, reflected in the mnemonic syllables. The heel of the hand is used to apply pressure or in a sliding motion on the larger drum so that the pitch is changed during the sound's decay.
/m/09ps01	The Virgin Suicides is a 1999 American drama written and directed by Sofia Coppola, produced by her father Francis Ford Coppola, starring James Woods, Kathleen Turner, Kirsten Dunst, Josh Hartnett, and A. J. Cook.\nBased on the novel of the same name by Jeffrey Eugenides, the film tells of the events surrounding the lives of five sisters in an upper-middle class suburb of Detroit during the 1970s. After the youngest sister makes an initial attempt at suicide, the sisters are put under close scrutiny by their parents, eventually being put into near-confinement, which leads to increasingly depressive and isolated behaviour.
/m/05g76	The New York Mets are a professional baseball team based in the borough of Queens in New York City. They play in Major League Baseball's National League East Division. One of baseball's first expansion teams, the Mets were founded in 1962 to replace New York's departed National League teams, the New York Giants and Brooklyn Dodgers. The Mets' colors are composed of the Dodgers' blue and Giants' orange. During the 1962 and 1963 seasons, the Mets played their home games at the Polo Grounds. From 1964 to 2008, the Mets' home ballpark was Shea Stadium. In 2009, they moved into their current ballpark, Citi Field.\nIn their 1962 inaugural season, the Mets posted a record of 40–120, the worst regular season record since Major League Baseball went to a 162-game schedule. The team never finished better than second to last until the 1969 \"Miracle Mets\" beat the Baltimore Orioles in the 1969 World Series in what is considered one of the biggest upsets in World Series history. Since then, they have played in three additional World Series, including a dramatic run in 1973 that ended in a Game Seven loss to the Oakland Athletics, a second championship in 1986 over the Boston Red Sox, and a Subway Series loss against their cross-town rivals the New York Yankees in the 2000 World Series.
/m/02bh9	Daniel Robert \"Danny\" Elfman is an American composer, known as the lead singer and songwriter for the rock band Oingo Boingo, from 1976 to 1995 and later for scoring music for television and film and creating The Simpsons main title theme as well as the 1989 Batman movie theme. He has scored the majority of the films for his long-time friend Tim Burton.\nBorn in Los Angeles, he entered the film industry in 1976, initially as an actor. He made his film scoring debut in 1980 for the film Forbidden Zone directed by his older brother Richard Elfman. He has since been nominated for four Academy Awards and won a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media for Tim Burton's Batman and an Emmy Award for his Desperate Housewives theme. Elfman was honored with the prestigious Richard Kirk award at the 2002 BMI Film and TV Awards. The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music.
/m/03mszl	Gillian Welch is an American singer-songwriter. She performs with her musical partner, guitarist David Rawlings. Their sparse and dark musical style, which combines elements of Appalachian music, Bluegrass, and Americana, is described by The New Yorker as \"at once innovative and obliquely reminiscent of past rural forms\".\nWelch and Rawlings have released five critically acclaimed albums. Their 1996 debut, Revival, and the 2001 release Time, received nominations for the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Their 2003 album, Soul Journey, introduced electric guitar, drums and a more upbeat sound to their body of work. After a gap of eight years, they released their fifth studio album, The Harrow & The Harvest, in 2011.\nWelch was an associate producer and performed on two songs of the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack, a platinum album that won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 2002. Welch has collaborated and recorded with distinguished musicians such as Alison Krauss, Ryan Adams, Jay Farrar, Emmylou Harris, The Decemberists, and Ani DiFranco.
/m/01v80y	Barry Levinson is an American screenwriter, Academy Award winning film director, actor, and producer of film and television. His most notable films include Diner, The Natural, Good Morning Vietnam, Rain Man, and Bugsy.
/m/094xh	Stephanie Lynn \"Stevie\" Nicks is an American singer-songwriter, who in the course of her work with Fleetwood Mac and her extensive solo career, has produced over forty Top 50 hits and sold over 140 million albums. She was deemed \"The Reigning Queen of Rock and Roll\" and one of the \"100 Greatest Singers of All Time\" by Rolling Stone, and, as a member of Fleetwood Mac, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. As a solo artist, she has garnered eight Grammy Award nominations and, with Fleetwood Mac, a further five.\nNicks joined Fleetwood Mac in 1975, along with her then-romantic partner Lindsey Buckingham. Fleetwood Mac's second album after the incorporation of Nicks and Buckingham, Rumours, released in 1977, was the best-selling album of all time the year of its release, and, to date, made claimed sales of 40 million copies worldwide which makes it the fourth biggest selling studio album of all time. The album remained at No.1 on the American albums chart for 31 weeks, and reached the top spot in various countries worldwide. The album won Album of the Year in 1978 and produced four U.S. Top 10 singles, with Nicks' \"Dreams\" being the band's first and only U.S. number one hit.
/m/02zbjwr	Jung Sung-Ryong is a South Korean football goalkeeper, who currently plays for the South Korean national team and Suwon Bluewings in the K-League.
/m/06lht1	Richard Dale Jenkins is an American stage, film, and television actor. He began his career in the theatre and made his film debut in 1974. He has played supporting roles in films almost every year since 1985 and had lead roles in The Cabin in the Woods and The Visitor, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. He played the deceased patriarch Nathaniel Fisher on the HBO drama series Six Feet Under.
/m/0gr07	This name for the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film was introduced in 1974. For the three preceding years it was known as \"Short Subjects, Live Action Films.\" The term \"Short Subjects, Live Action Subjects\" was used from 1957 until 1970. From 1936 until 1956 there were two separate awards, \"Best Short Subject, One-reel\" and \"Best Short Subject, Two-reel\". A third category \"Best Short Subject, color\" was used only for 1936 and 1937. From the initiation of short subject awards for 1932 until 1935 the terms were \"Best Short Subject, comedy\" and \"Best Short Subject, novelty\". Below is a list of Oscar short films. The winning film is listed first, with the other nominated films for that year/category below.
/m/02bn_p	The One Hundred Sixth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1999 to January 3, 2001, during the last two years of Bill Clinton's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
/m/01rwcgb	Yuvan Shankar Raja is an Indian singer-songwriter, film score, and soundtrack composer, singer and occasional lyricist from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He has predominantly scored music for the Tamil films. Being the youngest son of noted film composer Ilaiyaraaja, he began his musical career in 1996, at age 16, as he composed the film score for Aravindhan. After initial struggle, he made his big break with the Thulluvadho Ilamai soundtrack, and evolved as one of Tamil cinema's most sought-after composers by the mid-2000s.\nWithin a span of 15 years, Yuvan Shankar Raja has worked on over 100 films. Considered a versatile composer, he often strives for different and innovative music and has explored and used elements of various genres in his compositions that range from folk and R&B to techno and heavy metal. He is particularly known for his use of western music elements in his pieces and often credited with having introduced Hip hop to the Tamil film and music industry and having started the \"era of remixes\" in Tamil Nadu. Being immensely popular among the younger generation, he is frequently referred to as the \"Rockstar\", and the \"Youth Icon of Tamil Film Music\". In addition, Yuvan Shankar Raja is recognized for his background score in films that have fetched him accolades among critics.
/m/01k7b0	The Diary of Anne Frank is a 1959 film based on the Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name, which was based on the diary of Anne Frank. It was directed by George Stevens, with a screenplay by Frances Goodrich and Albert Hackett. It is the first film version of both the play and the original story, and features three members of the original Broadway cast.\nThe film was based on the personal diary of Anne Frank, a Jewish girl who lived in hiding with her family during World War II. All her writings to her diary were addressed as 'Dear Kitty'. The diary was published after the end of the war by her father Otto Frank. By this time, all his other family members were killed by the Nazis. It was shot on a sound stage duplicate of the factory in Los Angeles, while exteriors were filmed at the actual building in Amsterdam.\nThe Diary of Anne Frank won three Academy Awards in 1960, including Best Supporting Actress for Shelley Winters. In 2006, The Diary of Anne Frank was honored as the eighteenth most inspiring American film on the list AFI's 100 Years…100 Cheers.
/m/05pt0l	Lantana is a 2001 Australian film, directed by Ray Lawrence and featuring Anthony LaPaglia, Kerry Armstrong, Geoffrey Rush and Barbara Hershey. It is based on the play Speaking In Tongues by Andrew Bovell, which premiered at Sydney's Griffin Theatre Company. The film won seven AACTA Awards including Best Film and Best Adapted Screenplay.\nLantana is set in suburban Sydney and focuses on the complex relationships between the characters in the film. The central event of the film is the disappearance and death of a woman whose body is shown at the start of the film, but whose identity is not revealed until later. The film's name derives from the plant Lantana, a weed prevalent in suburban Sydney.
/m/08xvpn	The Color Purple is a 1985 American period drama film directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Alice Walker. It was Spielberg's eighth film as a director, and was a change from the summer blockbusters for which he had become famous. The film starred Danny Glover, Desreta Jackson, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey, Adolph Caesar, Rae Dawn Chong, and introduced Whoopi Goldberg as Celie Harris.\nFilmed in Anson and Union counties in North Carolina, the film tells the story of a young African American girl named Celie Harris and shows the problems African American women faced during the early 1900s, including poverty, racism, and sexism. Celie is transformed as she finds her self-worth through the help of two strong female companions.
/m/0d6yv	Brighton is a town on the south coast of Great Britain. It makes up most of the city and unitary authority of Brighton and Hove. Formerly part of the non-metropolitan county of East Sussex, it remains part of the ceremonial county of East Sussex, within the historic county of Sussex.\nThe ancient settlement of \"Brighthelmstone\" dates from before Domesday Book, but it emerged as a health resort featuring sea bathing during the 18th century, was used as a seaside getaway by the Prince Regent, and became a highly popular destination for day-trippers from London after the arrival of the railway in 1841. Brighton experienced rapid population growth, reaching a peak of over 160,000 by 1961.\nModern Brighton forms part of the Brighton/Worthing/Littlehampton conurbation stretching along the coast, with a population of around 480,000 inhabitants.
/m/0317zz	Mindscape is an international software publishing company, previously part of The Learning Company. They are now affiliated with Electronic Arts. As of 2004, the group has offices in Europe, Asia, Australia and South America. It has an annual turnover of €38 million and employs 150 people. Mindscape publishes and distributes educational and lifestyle games and software. Its most notable titles include Law & Order: Criminal Intent and Lego Island.
/m/06t2t	Singapore, officially the Republic of Singapore, is a sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia. It lies off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula and is 137 kilometres north of the equator. Made up of the lozenge-shaped main island and over 60 much smaller islets, it is separated from Peninsular Malaysia by the Straits of Johor to its north and from Indonesia's Riau Islands by the Singapore Strait to its south. The country is highly urbanised, with very little primary rainforest remaining. Its territory has consistently expanded through land reclamation.\nPart of various local empires since being settled in the second century AD, modern Singapore was founded in 1819 by Sir Stamford Raffles as a trading post of the East India Company with the permission of the Johor Sultanate. The British obtained sovereignty over the island in 1824, and Singapore became one of the British Straits Settlements in 1826. Occupied by the Japanese during World War II, Singapore declared independence from the United Kingdom in 1963 and united with other former British territories to form Malaysia, from which it departed two years later. Since then, it has developed rapidly, earning recognition as one of Four Asian Tigers.
/m/020h2v	Touchstone Pictures is an American production company and one of several film distribution labels of The Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. Established in 1984 by then-Disney CEO Ron W. Miller as Touchstone Films, it typically releases films that feature more mature themes and darker tones than those released under the flagship Walt Disney Pictures label.\nTouchstone Pictures is merely a brand, not a distinct business operation, and does not exist as a separate company.\nTheir most commercially successful production partners in later years have been Caravan Pictures, Summit Entertainment, Jerry Bruckheimer Films, Columbia Pictures, Warner Bros. Pictures, Icon Productions, Imagine Entertainment, Mandeville Films, Focus Features, Spyglass Entertainment and DreamWorks Pictures.\nWalt Disney Studios Motion Pictures entered into a long-term, 30-picture distribution deal with DreamWorks Pictures by which DreamWorks' productions would be released through the Touchstone Pictures banner over seven years beginning in 2011.
/m/01d38t	The Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance is an award presented to recording artists at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, for works containing quality performances in the hard rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe Academy recognized hard rock music artists for the first time at the 31st Grammy Awards. The category was originally presented as Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental, combining two of the most popular music genres of the 1980s. Jethro Tull won that award for the album Crest of a Knave, beating Metallica, who were expected to win with the album ...And Justice for All. This choice led to widespread criticism of the Academy, as journalists suggested that the music of Jethro Tull did not belong in the hard rock or heavy metal genres. In response, the Academy created the categories Best Hard Rock Performance and Best Metal Performance, separating the genres.
/m/03kcyd	Kellie Noelle Martin is an American television actress who is known for her roles as Rebecca \"Becca\" Thatcher in Life Goes On, Christy Huddleston in Christy, Lucy Knight on ER, and Samantha Kinsey in Mystery Woman.
/m/026_w57	Lois Smith is an American actress whose career in theater, film, and television has spanned five decades.
/m/0k4kk	The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American religious epic film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, shot in VistaVision, and released by Paramount Pictures. It dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses, an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren, the enslaved Hebrews, and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai, where he receives, from God, the Ten Commandments. It stars Charlton Heston in the lead role, Yul Brynner as Rameses, Anne Baxter as Nefretiri, Edward G. Robinson as Dathan, Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora, Debra Paget as Lilia, and John Derek as Joshua; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi, Nina Foch as Bithiah, Martha Scott as Yochabel, Judith Anderson as Memnet, and Vincent Price as Baka, among others.\nFilmed on location in Egypt, Mount Sinai, and the Sinai Peninsula, the film is DeMille's last and most successful work. It is a partial remake of his 1923 silent film of the same title, and features one of the largest sets ever created for a film. At the time of its release on November 8, 1956, it was the most expensive film made up to that point.\nIn 1957, the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture, winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture for his role as Moses. Yul Brynner won the National Board of Review Award for Best Actor for his role as Rameses and his other roles in Anastasia and The King and I. It is also one of the most financially successful films ever made, grossing approximately $122.7 million at the box office during its initial release; it was the most successful film of 1956 and the second-highest grossing film of the decade. According to Guinness World Records, in terms of theatrical exhibition it is the seventh most successful film of all-time when the box office gross is adjusted for inflation.
/m/02kd8zw	Arachidonic acid is a polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid 20:4. It is the counterpart to the saturated arachidic acid found in peanut oil,
/m/0882j7	Associazione Calcio Monza Brianza 1912 is an Italian football club based in Monza, Lombardy.\nFounded in 1912, Monza currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group A, having last been in Serie B in 2000. Monza spent the last few years in Serie C1 and Serie C2.
/m/07l450	The Last King of Scotland is a 2006 British drama film based on Giles Foden's novel of the same name, adapted by screenwriters Peter Morgan and Jeremy Brock, and directed by Kevin MacDonald. The film was a co-production between companies from the United Kingdom and the United States, including Fox Searchlight Pictures and Film4.\nThe Last King of Scotland tells the fictional story of Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, a young Scottish doctor who travels to Uganda and becomes the personal physician to the dictator Idi Amin. The film is based on factual events of Amin's rule and the title comes from a reporter in a press conference who wishes to verify whether Amin declared himself the King of Scotland. Amin was known to invent and adopt fanciful imperial titles for himself.\nThe Last King of Scotland received wide critical acclaim. Particular focus went to Whitaker, who received outstanding critical acclaim for his performance as dictator Idi Amin in the film. He won Best Actor at the Academy Awards among others, and the film was also a financial success.
/m/06qm3	The screwball comedy is a principally American genre of comedy film that became popular during the Great Depression, originating in the early 1930s and thriving until the early 1940s. Many secondary characteristics of this genre are similar to the film noir, but it distinguishes itself for being characterized by a female that dominates the relationship with the male central character, whose masculinity is challenged. The two engage in a humorous battle of the sexes, which was a new theme for Hollywood and audiences at the time. Other elements are fast-pace repartee, farcical situations, escapist themes, and plot lines involving courtship and marriage. Screwball comedies often depict social classes in conflict, as in It Happened One Night and My Man Godfrey. Some comic plays are also described as screwball comedies.
/m/06x77g	The Turning Point is a 1977 film written by Arthur Laurents and directed by Herbert Ross. In starring roles were Shirley MacLaine, Anne Bancroft, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Leslie Browne, Tom Skerritt, Martha Scott, Anthony Zerbe, Marshall Thompson and James Mitchell. Despite 11 nominations, the film won no Oscars.
/m/02496r	County Monaghan is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Border Region and is in the province of Ulster. It is named after the town of Monaghan. Monaghan County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 60,483 according to the 2011 census.
/m/01hmk9	Richard Franklin Lennox Thomas Pryor was an American stand-up comedian, actor, film director, social critic, satirist, writer, and MC.\nPryor was known for uncompromising examinations of racism and topical contemporary issues, which employed colorful vulgarities, and profanity, as well as racial epithets. He reached a broad audience with his trenchant observations and storytelling style. He is widely regarded as one of the most important and influential stand-up comedians of all time: Jerry Seinfeld called Pryor \"The Picasso of our profession\"; Bob Newhart has called Pryor \"the seminal comedian of the last 50 years.\" This legacy can be attributed, in part, to the unusual degree of intimacy Pryor brought to bear on his comedy. As Bill Cosby reportedly once said, \"Richard Pryor drew the line between comedy and tragedy as thin as one could possibly paint it.\"\nHis body of work includes the concert movies and recordings Richard Pryor: Live & Smokin', That Nigger's Crazy, ...Is It Something I Said?, Bicentennial Nigger, Richard Pryor: Live in Concert, Richard Pryor: Live on the Sunset Strip, and Richard Pryor: Here and Now. He also starred in numerous films as an actor, such as Superman III but was usually in comedies such as Silver Streak, and occasionally in dramatic roles, such as Paul Schrader's film Blue Collar. He collaborated on many projects with actor Gene Wilder. Another frequent collaborator was actor/comedian/writer Paul Mooney.
/m/0g2lq	Ronald William \"Ron\" Howard is an American film director, producer and actor.\nHe came to prominence playing Opie Taylor in the sitcom The Andy Griffith Show for eight years, and later the teenaged Richie Cunningham in the sitcom Happy Days for six years. He appeared in the films The Music Man in 1962, American Graffiti in 1973, and The Shootist in 1976, the latter during his run on Happy Days.\nHoward made his directorial debut with the 1977 comedy Grand Theft Auto, and left Happy Days in 1980 to focus on directing. His films include Cocoon, Apollo 13, How the Grinch Stole Christmas and A Beautiful Mind, which earned Howard the Academy Award for Best Director. In 2002, Howard conceived the idea for the Fox/Netflix series Arrested Development, on which he also serves as producer and narrator, and plays a semi-fictionalized version of himself.\nIn 2003, Howard was awarded the National Medal of Arts. Asteroid 12561 Howard is named after him. In 2013, Howard was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.
/m/02yy9r	Dirty Pretty Things is a 2002 British thriller film directed by Stephen Frears and written by Steven Knight, a drama about two illegal immigrants in London. It was produced by BBC Films and Celador Films.
/m/05vk_d	Megan Denise Fox is an American actress and model. She began her acting career in 2001, with several minor television and film roles, and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television show. In 2004, she made her film debut with a role in Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen. In 2007, she co-starred as Mikaela Banes, the love interest of Shia LaBeouf's character, in the blockbuster film, Transformers, which became her breakout role. Fox reprised her role in the 2009 sequel, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Later in 2009, she starred as the eponymous lead in the film Jennifer's Body. Fox is also considered one of the modern female sex symbols and has appeared in magazines such as Maxim, Rolling Stone and FHM.
/m/01ksr1	Matthew Ryan Phillippe, better known as Ryan Phillippe, is an American actor and director. After appearing on the soap opera One Life to Live, he came to fame in the late 1990s starring in a string of films, including I Know What You Did Last Summer, Cruel Intentions, and 54. In the 2000s, he appeared in several films, including 2001's Academy Award Best Picture nominee Gosford Park, 2005's Academy Award-winning ensemble film Crash, and the 2006 war drama Flags of Our Fathers. In 2007 he starred in Breach, a movie based on the true story of FBI operative Eric O'Neill, while in 2008 he headlined Kimberly Peirce's Iraq war film Stop-Loss. In 2010, he starred as Pulitzer-Prize winning photographer Greg Marinovich in The Bang-Bang Club.\nHe was married to actress Reese Witherspoon from 1999 to 2007; together, they have a daughter and a son. He also has a daughter from a relationship with actress Alexis Knapp.
/m/016jny	Folk rock is a musical genre combining elements of folk music and rock music. In its earliest and narrowest sense, the term referred to a genre that arose in the United States and the UK around the mid-1960s. The genre was pioneered by the Los Angeles band The Byrds, who began playing traditional folk music and Bob Dylan-penned material with rock instrumentation, in a style heavily influenced by The Beatles and other British bands. The term \"folk rock\" was itself first coined by the U.S. music press to describe The Byrds' music in June 1965, the same month that the band's debut album was issued. The release of The Byrds' cover version of Dylan's \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" and its subsequent commercial success initiated the folk rock explosion of the mid-1960s. Dylan himself was also influential on the genre, particularly his recordings with an electric rock band on the Bringing It All Back Home, Highway 61 Revisited, and Blonde on Blonde albums. Dylan's July 25, 1965 appearance at the Newport Folk Festival with an electric backing band is also considered a pivotal moment in the development of folk rock.\nThe genre had its antecedents in the American folk music revival, the beat music of The Beatles and other British Invasion bands, The Animals' hit recording of the folk song \"The House of the Rising Sun\", and the folk-influenced songwriting of The Beau Brummels. In particular, the folk-influence evident in such Beatles' songs as \"I'm a Loser\" and \"You've Got to Hide Your Love Away\" was very influential on folk rock. The repertoire of most folk rock acts was drawn in part from folk sources but it was also derived from folk-influenced singer-songwriters such as Dylan. Musically, the genre was typified by clear vocal harmonies and a relatively \"clean\" approach to electric instruments, as epitomized by the jangly 12-string guitar sound of The Byrds. This jangly guitar sound was derived from the music of The Searchers and from George Harrison's use of a Rickenbacker 12-string on The Beatles' recordings during 1964 and 1965.
/m/03mdt	HBO is an American premium cable and satellite television network that is owned by Home Box Office Inc., an operating subsidiary of Time Warner. HBO's programming consists primarily of theatrically released motion pictures and original television series, along with made-for-cable movies and documentaries, boxing matches and occasional stand-up comedy and concert specials. HBO is the oldest and longest continuously operating pay television service in the United States, having been in operation since November 8, 1972.
/m/026t6	The drum is a member of the percussion group of musical instruments. In the Hornbostel-Sachs classification system, it is a membranophone. Drums consist of at least one membrane, called a drumhead or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with the player's hands, or with a drum stick, to produce sound. There is usually a resonance head on the underside of the drum, typically tuned to a slightly lower pitch than the top drumhead. Other techniques have been used to cause drums to make sound, such as the thumb roll. Drums are the world's oldest and most ubiquitous musical instruments, and the basic design has remained virtually unchanged for thousands of years.\nDrums may be played individually, with the player using a single drum, and some drums such as the djembe are almost always played in this way. Others are normally played in a set of two or more, all played by the one player, such as bongo drums and timpani. A number of different drums together with cymbals form the basic modern drum kit.
/m/0fq117k	Thomas Earl \"Tom\" Petty is an American musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer. He is best known as the lead vocalist of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, but is also known as a member and co-founder of the late 1980s supergroup the Traveling Wilburys and Mudcrutch. He has also performed under the pseudonyms of Charlie T. Wilbury, Jr. and Muddy Wilbury.\nHe has recorded a number of hit singles with the Heartbreakers and as a solo artist, many of which remain heavily played on adult contemporary and classic rock radio. His music has been classified as Rock and Roll, Heartland Rock and even Stoner Rock. His music, and notably his hits, have become popular among younger generations as he continues to host sold-out shows. Throughout his career, Petty has sold more than 80 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time. In 2002, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/02pv_d	Alexander Payne is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer, known for the films Election, About Schmidt, Sideways, The Descendants, and Nebraska. His films are noted for their dark humor and satirical depictions of contemporary American society.
/m/01w7nwm	Lonnie Rashid Lynn, Jr., better known by his stage name Common, is an American hip hop recording artist and actor from Chicago, Illinois. Common debuted in 1992, with the album Can I Borrow a Dollar? and maintained a significant underground following into the late 1990s, after which he gained notable mainstream success through his work with the Soulquarians. In 2011, Common launched Think Common Entertainment, his own record label imprint and in the past has released music under various other labels such as Relativity, Geffen and GOOD Music, among others.\nCommon's first major-label album Like Water for Chocolate, received widespread critical acclaim and tremendous commercial success. His first Grammy Award was in 2003, winning Best R&B Song for \"Love of My Life\", with Erykah Badu. Its popularity was matched by May 2005's Be, which was nominated for Best Rap Album, at the 2006 Grammy Awards. Common was awarded his second Grammy for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group, for \"Southside\", from his July 2007 album Finding Forever. His best-of album, Thisisme Then: The Best of Common, was released on November 27, 2007.
/m/0g7yx	Messina is the capital of the Italian province of Messina. It is the 3rd largest city on the island of Sicily, and the 13th city of Italy, with a population of more than 240,000 inhabitants in the city proper and about 650,000 in the province. It is located near the northeast corner of Sicily, at the Strait of Messina, opposite Villa San Giovanni on the mainland, has close ties with Reggio Calabria.\nThe city's main resources are its seaports, cruise tourism, commerce, agriculture. The city has been a Roman Catholic Archdiocese and Archimandrite seat since 1548 and is home to a locally important international fair. The city has the University of Messina, founded in 1548 by Ignatius of Loyola.
/m/03mp8k	Sony BMG Music Entertainment was a recorded music company, which was a 50–50 joint venture between the Sony Corporation of America and Bertelsmann AG. The venture’s successor, the again-active Sony Music Entertainment, is 100% owned by the Sony Corporation of America.
/m/0g4vmj8	Drive is a 2011 American crime film directed by Danish director Nicolas Winding Refn, starring Ryan Gosling, Carey Mulligan, Bryan Cranston, Oscar Isaac, and Albert Brooks. It is adapted from the 2005 James Sallis novel of the same name, with a screenplay by Hossein Amini.\nLike the book, the film is about an unnamed Hollywood stunt performer who moonlights as a getaway driver. Prior to its September 2011 release, it had been shown at a number of film festivals. At the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, Drive was praised and received a standing ovation. Winding Refn won the festival's Best Director Award for the film. Reviews from critics have been positive, with many drawing comparisons to work from previous eras. The film was nominated for Best Film and Best Director at the 2012 British Academy Film Awards.
/m/018mxj	EasyJet is a British airline carrier based at London Luton Airport. It is the largest airline of the United Kingdom, measured by number of passengers carried, operating domestic and international scheduled services on over 600 routes in 32 countries. EasyJet plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. As of 30 September 2013, it employed 8,300 people, based throughout Europe but mainly in the UK.\nEasyJet has seen rapid expansion since its establishment in 1995, having grown through a combination of acquisitions and base openings fuelled by consumer demand for low-cost air travel. The airline, along with subsidiary airline EasyJet Switzerland, now operates over 200 aircraft, mostly Airbus A319. It has 23 bases across Europe, the largest being Gatwick. In 2013, EasyJet carried over 60 million passengers and is the second-largest low-cost carrier in Europe, behind Ryanair.\nEasyJet was featured in the television series Airline broadcast on ITV which followed the airline's operations at London Luton and later at other bases.
/m/0dzz6g	American Splendor is a 2003 American biographical comedy-drama film about Harvey Pekar, the author of the American Splendor comic book series. The film is also in part an adaptation of the comics, which dramatize Pekar's life. The film was written and directed by documentarians Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini, who share writing credit with Pekar and his wife, Joyce Brabner.\nThe film stars Paul Giamatti as Pekar and Hope Davis as Brabner. It also features appearances from Pekar and Brabner themselves, who discuss their lives, the comic books, and how it feels to be depicted onscreen by actors. It was filmed entirely on location in Cleveland and Lakewood in Ohio.
/m/06lj1m	Joanna Cassidy is an American film and television actress. She is known for her role as the replicant Zhora in Ridley Scott's film Blade Runner. She has won a Golden Globe Award, was nominated for three Emmy Awards and also was nominated for Saturn Award and Screen Actors Guild Awards.\nCassidy also has starred in films such as Under Fire, The Fourth Protocol, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, The Package, Where the Heart Is and Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead, Vampire in Brooklyn and Ghosts of Mars. From 2001 to 2005, she played Margaret Chenowith on the HBO drama series Six Feet Under. From 2011 to 2013, she played Joan Hunt on the ABC series Body of Proof.
/m/0chghy	Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania, and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. Neighbouring countries include Indonesia, East Timor and Papua New Guinea to the north; the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu and New Caledonia to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east.\nFor at least 40,000 years before the first British settlement in the late 18th century, Australia was inhabited by indigenous Australians, who spoke languages grouped into roughly 250 language groups. After the discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606, Australia's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788. The population grew steadily in subsequent decades; the continent was explored and an additional five self-governing Crown Colonies were established.\nOn 1 January 1901, the six colonies federated, forming the Commonwealth of Australia. Since Federation, Australia has maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy. The federation comprises six states and several territories. The population of 23.1 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated in the eastern states.
/m/01cwkq	Amanda Laura Bynes is a former American actress. She rose to prominence in the late 1990s and early 2000s on the Nickelodeon series All That and The Amanda Show. From 2002 to 2006, she starred on the sitcom What I Like About You on The WB. Bynes has also starred in several films, including What a Girl Wants, She's the Man, Hairspray, Sydney White and Easy A. In 2012, Bynes said that she is retiring from acting.
/m/01mqh5	Selma Blair is an American film, television and theater actress. Since Blair made her professional acting debut in 1995, she has starred in a variety of film genres, including several commercial Hollywood motion pictures, indie and art house films.\nBlair officially started her professional acting career in 1995 on television, then, in 1996 she made her debut in the film industry. Her first works consisted of several television guest roles, brief appearances in mainstream films and lead roles in unreleased projects, including the New Zealand-fantasy film Amazon High; later, she gained mainstream recognition after starring in the 1999 teen drama Cruel Intentions.\nShe achieved international fame as a result of her portrayal of the pyrokinetic-heroine Liz Sherman in the fantasy films Hellboy and Hellboy II: The Golden Army. Some of her other films include Legally Blonde, The Sweetest Thing, The Fog, Purple Violets and Columbus Circle.\nBlair portrayed in the 1990s the titular role of Zoe on the teen sitcom Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane; in the 2000s, she starred as Kim in the American version of Kath & Kim. In 2012-2013, she returned to television as the female lead in the first two seasons of the TV-series Anger Management.
/m/0p5mw	David Mansfield is an American violinist, mandolin player, guitarist, pedal steel guitar player, and composer.\nRaised in Leonia, New Jersey, his first band was Quacky Duck and His Barnyard Friends, which also included two sons of Tony Bennett.\nBob Dylan asked Mansfield to tour with him on his 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue tour; he remained in Dylan's band through their 1978 world tour.\nAfter the Revue ended in 1976, Mansfield and two other members of Dylan's band, T-Bone Burnett and Steven Soles, formed The Alpha Band. The band released three albums, The Alpha Band in 1977, Spark In The Dark in 1977, and The Statue Makers of Hollywood in 1978.\nIn 1986 Mansfield was an initial member of Bruce Hornsby and the Range, including playing the title instrument on the hit \"Mandolin Rain\". However he left the Range before their first tour.\nSince The Alpha Band broke up, Mansfield has continued to work as a musician in sessions for Dylan, Burnett, Johnny Cash, Nanci Griffith, Roger McGuinn, Sam Phillips, Mark Heard, The Roches, Edie Brickell, Spinal Tap, Lucinda Williams, Dwight Yoakam, Victoria Williams, Loudon Wainwright III, Chris Hillman and Herb Pedersen and others.
/m/02t4yc	Western Kentucky University is a public university in Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA. It was founded by the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1906, though its roots reach back a quarter-century earlier.\nWKU has a student body of over 21,000 students. Its main campus is in the midst of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of construction and renovation. Since 1997, dormitories have been renovated, new academic and athletic buildings have been finished, with more construction under way. The university also has placed a premium on creating a park-like atmosphere, with parking lots on the interior of the 200-acre campus replaced with green spaces, trees and central landscaping known as Centennial Mall.\nThe main campus sits atop the highest point in south-central Kentucky, a hill with a commanding view of the Barren River valley. The campus flows from the top of College Heights, also known as The Hill, down its north, south and west faces. WKU also operates satellite campuses in Bowling Green and regionally in Glasgow, Elizabethtown/Fort Knox and Owensboro.
/m/073tm9	Def Jam Recordings is an American record label, focused predominantly on hip hop and urban music, owned by Universal Music Group, and operates as a part of The Island Def Jam Music Group. In the UK, the label takes on the name Def Jam UK and is operated through Virgin EMI, while in Japan, it is Def Jam Japan operating through Universal Sigma Music. The label distributes various record labels, which act as subsidiaries of the Island Def Jam Music Group. These labels include Roc-A-Fella Records, Kanye West's GOOD Music, Ludacris' Disturbing Tha Peace, and No ID's Artium Recordings.\nIn 2012, IDJMG became the number-one Rhythmic label, for having 7 number 1s, from Rihanna, Kanye West, Jay Z, Ne-Yo, and Justin Bieber.
/m/05183k	John David Logan is an American playwright, screenwriter, and film producer.
/m/01p0vf	Jonathan Richard Guy \"Jonny\" Greenwood is an English musician and composer best known as a member of the rock band Radiohead. Beyond his primary roles as Radiohead's lead guitarist and keyboardist, Greenwood is a multi-instrumentalist and also plays viola, harmonica, glockenspiel, ondes Martenot, banjo and drums, and works with computer-generated sounds and sampling; he is also a computer programmer and writes music software used by Radiohead. Noted for his aggressive playing style, Greenwood is consistently named as one of the greatest guitarists of the modern era.\nGreenwood wrote the soundtracks for the films Bodysong, There Will Be Blood, Norwegian Wood, We Need To Talk About Kevin and The Master, and serves as composer-in-residence for the BBC Concert Orchestra. He is the younger brother of Radiohead bassist Colin Greenwood.
/m/06gb1w	X-Men: The Last Stand is a 2006 British-American superhero film, based on the X-Men superhero team appearing in Marvel Comics, distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the third installment in the X-Men film series. The film was directed by Brett Ratner, written by Simon Kinberg and Zak Penn, and features an ensemble cast including Hugh Jackman, Halle Berry, Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Anna Paquin and Famke Janssen. The film's script is loosely based on two X-Men comic book story arcs, \"The Dark Phoenix Saga\" by writer Chris Claremont and artist John Byrne, and \"Gifted\" by writer Joss Whedon and artist John Cassaday, with a plot that revolves around a \"mutant cure\" that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans, and on the resurrection of Jean Grey.\nBryan Singer, who had directed the two previous films, X-Men and X2, decided to leave to work on Superman Returns as he had not even defined the storyline for a third film. Matthew Vaughn was initially hired as the new director, but left due to personal and professional issues and replaced with Ratner. Filming started in August 2005. The film had a budget of $210 million, and was consequently the most expensive film at the time of its release. It also had extensive visual effects done by eleven different companies.
/m/047csmy	Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg. It is a sequel to 2007's Transformers and the second installment in the live-action Transformers series. The plot revolves around Sam Witwicky, who is caught in the war between two factions of alien robots, the Autobots and the Decepticons. Sam is having hallucinatory episodes of Cybertronian symbols, and is being hunted by the Decepticons under the orders of an ancient Decepticon named The Fallen, who seeks to get revenge on Earth by finding and activating a machine that would provide the Decepticons with an energon source, destroying the Sun and all life on Earth in the process.\nWith deadlines jeopardized by possible strikes by the Directors Guild of America and the Screen Actors Guild, Bay managed to finish the production on time with the help of previsualization and a scriptment by his writers Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and series newcomer Ehren Kruger. Shooting took place from May to November 2008, with locations in Egypt, Jordan, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and California, as well as air bases in New Mexico and Arizona.
/m/01w03jv	Jello Biafra is the former lead singer and songwriter for San Francisco punk rock band Dead Kennedys, and is currently a musician and spoken word artist. After he left the Dead Kennedys, he took over the influential independent record label Alternative Tentacles, which he had co-founded in 1979 with Dead Kennedys bandmate East Bay Ray. Although now focused primarily on spoken word, he has continued as a musician in numerous collaborations.\nPolitically, Biafra is a member of the Green Party of the United States and actively supports various political causes. He ran for the party's Presidential nomination in 2000, finishing second to Ralph Nader. He is a staunch believer in a free society, who utilizes shock value and advocates direct action and pranksterism in the name of political causes. Biafra is known to use absurdist media tactics, in the leftist tradition of the Yippies, to highlight issues of civil rights and social justice.
/m/0c01c	Alyson Lee Hannigan is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Willow Rosenberg in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Lily Aldrin on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and Michelle Flaherty in the American Pie film series.
/m/0btyf5z	Rise of the Apes is in pre-production as of May 2010.  This origin story for a new franchise takes place in modern day San Francisco and will star James Franco.   It is currently scheduled for a June 24, 2011 release date.  Weta Digital will provide CGI and other special effects.
/m/0lfgr	Tufts University is a private research university located in Medford/Somerville, near Boston, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The university is organized into ten schools, including two undergraduate programs and eight graduate divisions, on four campuses in Massachusetts and the French Alps. The university emphasizes active citizenship and public service in all of its disciplines and is known for its internationalism and study abroad programs. Among its schools is the United States' oldest graduate school of international relations, The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy.\nTufts College was founded in 1852 by Christian Universalists who worked for years to open a non-sectarian institution of higher learning. Charles Tufts donated the land for the campus on Walnut Hill, the highest point in Medford, saying that he wanted to set a \"light on the hill.\" The name was changed to Tufts University in 1954, although the corporate name remains \"the Trustees of Tufts College.\" For more than a century, Tufts was a small New England liberal arts college. The French-American nutritionist Jean Mayer became president of Tufts in the late 1970s and, through a series of rapid acquisitions, transformed the school into an internationally renowned research university. It is known as both a Little Ivy and a \"New Ivy\" and consistently ranks among the nation's top schools.
/m/02f6yz	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Group Video was first given out at the 1984 MTV Video Music Awards; and in 2007, going along with how the VMAs were revamped that year, the award was renamed Best Group, as it awarded the artist's body of work for the full year rather than a specific video. In 2008, however, when the VMAs returned to their original format, this award was not brought back despite being considered one of the more important ones. No Doubt is the biggest winner of this category, having won the award thrice; while U2 is the biggest nominee, with seven of its videos receiving nominations in six different years from 1985 to 2005. The last award was presented in 2007 to Fall Out Boy.\nTLC was the first and only girl group to win in this category twice with their videos \"Waterfalls\" and \"No Scrubs\"
/m/034cj9	Robert Montgomery was an American film and television actor, director and producer. He was also the father of actress Elizabeth Montgomery.
/m/04b19t	Aditya Chopra is a three-time National Award winning Indian film producer, screenwriter, director and distributor. His work as a director includes Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Mohabbatein, and Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi.\nHe is also the current chairman of India's 45 year-old multi-national film, media and entertainment conglomerate, Yash Raj Films. Chopra has written and produced a number of critically acclaimed and commercially successful films under the banner like Veer-Zaara, Hum Tum, Bunty Aur Babli, Fanaa, Bachna Ae Haseeno, New York, Band Baaja Baaraat, Ishaqzaade, Ek Tha Tiger, Jab Tak Hai Jaan, Shuddh Desi Romance, The Dhoom Trilogy and Gunday. Chopra has also tried to break away from typecast and forayed into production of off-beat films with unique subjects in projects like Kabul Express, Chak De India, Rocket Singh, Aurangzeb, Detective Byomkesh Bakshi and Paani, that do not necessarily fit into the realms of Masala films. As of December 2013, Chopra has produced the highest grossing film of Indian Cinema and has produced six other films that have accumulated worldwide gross earnings of more than INR 200 crore. Moreover, in the year 2014, Chopra became the first Indian producer to move towards a true film studio model through Independent projects helmed by producers, writers and directors under the YRF banner.
/m/01ww_vs	Gary Numan is an English singer, composer, and musician. Most widely known for his chart-topping 1979 hits \"Are 'Friends' Electric?\" and \"Cars\", Numan achieved his peak of mainstream popularity in the late 1970s and early 1980s, but maintains a loyal cult following.\nNuman, whose signature sound consists of heavy synthesizer hooks fed through guitar effects pedals, is considered a pioneer of commercial electronic music.
/m/01nf9x	Launceston is a city in the north of Tasmania, Australia at the junction of the North Esk and South Esk rivers where they become the Tamar River. Launceston is the second largest city in Tasmania after Hobart. With a population of 106,153, Launceston is the ninth largest non-capital city in Australia.\nSettled by Europeans in March 1806, Launceston is one of Australia's oldest cities and is home to many historic buildings. Like many Australian places, it was named after a town in the United Kingdom – in this case, Launceston, Cornwall.\nLaunceston has also been home to several firsts such as the first use of anaesthetic in the Southern Hemisphere, the first Australian city to have underground sewers and the first Australian city to be lit by hydroelectricity. The city has a temperate climate with four distinct seasons.
/m/01dyk8	ETH Zürich is an engineering, science, technology, mathematics and management university in the city of Zürich, Switzerland. Like its sister institution Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, it is an integral part of the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology Domain that is directly subordinate to Switzerland's Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research.\nETH Zürich is consistently ranked by major World University studies as among the top universities in the world. It is considered the best university in continental Europe by the Shanghai Ranking ARWU, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings Ranking and the QS World University Ranking. It is currently ranked 4th in Europe overall, and 8th best university in the world in engineering, science and technology. Twenty-one Nobel Prizes have been awarded to students or professors of the Institute in the past, the most famous of which is Albert Einstein in 1921, and the most recent is Kurt Wüthrich in 2002. It is a founding member of the IDEA League and the International Alliance of Research Universities and a member of the CESAER network.
/m/02vkzcx	Tulane University Law School is the law school of Tulane University. It is located on Tulane's Uptown campus in New Orleans, Louisiana. Established in 1847, it is the 12th oldest law school in the United States.\nIn addition to the usual common law and federal subjects, Tulane offers electives in the civil law, giving students the opportunity to pursue comparative education of the world's two major legal systems. Students are permitted to survey a broad range of subject areas or to concentrate in one or more.\nTulane Law School's environmental law and sports law programs are considered among the strongest nationwide, and its maritime law program is among the best regarded in the world. For more than 20 years, the school has hosted the Tulane Corporate Law Institute, a preeminent mergers and acquisitions and corporate law forum.
/m/019dwp	West Virginia University is a public land grant research university in Morgantown, West Virginia. Its other campuses include the West Virginia University Institute of Technology in Montgomery and Potomac State College of West Virginia University in Keyser; and a second clinical campus for the University's medical and dental schools at Charleston Area Medical Center in Charleston. WVU Extension Service provides outreach with offices in all of West Virginia's 55 counties. Since 2001, WVU has been governed by the West Virginia University Board of Governors.\nEnrollment for the fall 2012 semester was 29,707 for the main campus, while enrollment across all campuses totaled 32,593. WVU offers 184 bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and professional degree programs in 14 colleges.\nWVU has produced 24 Rhodes Scholars, including former WVU president David C. Hardesty, Jr. The University also has produced 35 Goldwater Scholars, 22 Truman Scholars, and 5 members of USA Today's \"All‑USA College Academic First Team\".
/m/0jdhp	Timothy \"Tim\" Blake Nelson is an American director, writer, and actor.
/m/06dfg	Rwanda, officially the Republic of Rwanda, is a sovereign state in central and east Africa. Located a few degrees south of the Equator, Rwanda is bordered by Uganda, Tanzania, Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Situated in the African Great Lakes region, Rwanda is highly elevated; its geography is dominated by mountains in the west and savanna to the east, with numerous lakes throughout the country. The climate of the country is temperate to subtropical, with two rainy seasons and two dry seasons each year.\nThe population is young and predominantly rural, with a density among the highest in Africa. Rwandans form three groups: the Hutu, Tutsi and Twa. The Twa are a forest-dwelling pygmy people descend from Rwanda's earliest inhabitants. Scholars disagree on the origins of and differences between the Hutu and Tutsi; some believe they are derived from former social castes, while others view them as being races or tribes. Christianity is the largest religion in the country, the principal language is Kinyarwanda, spoken by most Rwandans, with French and English as official languages. Rwanda has a presidential system of government. The president is Paul Kagame of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, who took office in 2000. Rwanda today has low corruption compared with neighbouring countries, although human rights organisations report suppression of opposition groups, intimidation and restrictions on freedom of speech. The country has been governed by a strict administrative hierarchy since precolonial times; there are five provinces delineated by borders drawn in 2006. Rwanda has the world's highest proportion of females in government positions in proportion to the population.
/m/044n3h	Yunjin Kim is an American film and theater actress born in South Korea. Although she is best known in the English-speaking world for her role as Sun on the American television series Lost, Kim has also appeared in numerous film and TV projects in South Korea.\nShe currently stars as Karen Kim in ABC drama series Mistresses.
/m/01trf3	Martin Hayter Short, CM is a Canadian American actor, comedian, writer, singer, voice actor and producer. He is best known for his comedy work, particularly on the TV programs SCTV and Saturday Night Live. He starred in such comedic films as Three Amigos, Innerspace, Father of the Bride, Pure Luck, Father of the Bride Part II, Mars Attacks!, and Jungle 2 Jungle and created the characters of Jiminy Glick and Ed Grimley. He also has appeared on stage, and won the Tony Award for the 1999 Broadway revival of Little Me.
/m/0n83s	Showgirls is a 1995 French-American drama film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring former teen actress Elizabeth Berkley, Kyle MacLachlan, and Gina Gershon. The film centers on a \"street-smart\" drifter who ventures to Las Vegas and climbs the seedy hierarchy from stripper to showgirl.\nProduced on a then-sizable budget of approximately $45 million, significant controversy and hype surrounding the film's amounts of sex and nudity preceded its theatrical release. In the United States, the film was rated NC-17 for \"nudity and erotic sexuality throughout, some graphic language and sexual violence.\" Showgirls was the first NC-17 rated film to be given a wide release in mainstream theaters. Distributor United Artists dispatched several hundred staffers to theaters across North America playing Showgirls in order to ensure that patrons would not be sneaking into the theater from other films, and to make sure the film-goers were over the age of 17. Audience restriction due to the NC-17 rating coupled with the extremely poor reviews the film received resulted in a box office take of slightly less than $38 million.\nDespite a poor theatrical and critical consensus, Showgirls enjoyed success on the home video market, generating more than $100 million from video rentals allowing the film to turn a healthy profit and became one of MGM's top 20 all-time bestsellers. For its video premiere, Verhoeven prepared an R-rated cut for rental outlets that would not carry NC-17 films. This edited version runs 3 minutes shorter and deletes some of the more graphic footage. Despite being consistently ranked as one of the worst films ever made, Showgirls has become regarded as a cult classic and was released on Blu-ray in June 2010.
/m/0drc1	Richard Charles Rodgers was an American composer of music for more than 900 songs and for 43 Broadway musicals. He also composed music for films and television. He is best known for his songwriting partnerships with the lyricists Lorenz Hart and Oscar Hammerstein II. His compositions have had a significant impact on popular music down to the present day, and have an enduring broad appeal.\nRodgers was the first person to win what are considered the top show business awards in television, recording, movies and Broadway—an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, and a Tony—now known collectively as an EGOT. He has also won a Pulitzer Prize, making him one of two people to receive each award.
/m/07y_r	Vittorio De Sica was an Italian director and actor, a leading figure in the neorealist movement.\nFour of the films he directed won Academy Awards: Sciuscià and Bicycle Thieves were awarded honorary Oscars, while Ieri, oggi, domani and Il giardino dei Finzi Contini won the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar. Indeed, the great critical success of Sciuscià and Bicycle Thieves helped establish the permanent Best Foreign Film Oscar. These two films generally are considered part of the canon of classic cinema. Bicycle Thieves was cited by Turner Classic Movies as one of the 15 most influential films in cinema history.\nDe Sica was also nominated for the 1957 Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for playing Major Rinaldi in American director Charles Vidor's 1957 adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's A Farewell to Arms, a movie that was panned by critics and proved a box office flop. De Sica's acting was considered the highlight of the film.
/m/02kxx1	The University of Calcutta is a public state university located in Kolkata, West Bengal, India established on 24 January 1857. By foundation date, it is the first institution in South Asia to be established as a multidisciplinary and secular Western style university. Within India it is recognized as a Five Star University and a Centre with Potential for Excellence by the University Grants Commission and the National Assessment and Accreditation Council. Within all state universities all over India, this university had the highest number students who cleared the doctoral entrance eligibility exam in the sciences conducted by Government of India's National Eligibility Test to become eligible to pursue research with full scholarship awarded by the Government of India.\nIt is a state-government administered urban-based affiliating and research university. It has its central campus in College Street. Its other campuses are in Rajabazar, Ballygunge, Alipore, Hazra and South Sinthi.
/m/0f4yh	Raiders of the Lost Ark is a 1981 American adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg, produced by Frank Marshall and Howard Kazanjian, executive produced by George Lucas, written by Lawrence Kasdan, based on a story of George Lucas and Philip Kaufman and starring Harrison Ford. It was the first installment in the Indiana Jones film franchise to be released, though it is the second in internal chronological order. It pits Indiana Jones against a group of Nazis who are searching for the Ark of the Covenant which Adolf Hitler believes will make his army invincible. The film co-stars Karen Allen as Indiana's former lover, Marion Ravenwood; Paul Freeman as Indiana's nemesis, French archaeologist René Belloq; John Rhys-Davies as Indiana's sidekick, Sallah; Ronald Lacey as Gestapo agent Arnold Toht; and Denholm Elliott as Indiana's colleague, Marcus Brody.\nThe film originated from Lucas' desire to create a modern version of the serials of the 1930s and 1940s. Production was based at Elstree Studios, England; but filming also took place in La Rochelle, Tunisia, Hawaii, and California from June to September 1980.\nReleased on June 12, 1981, Raiders of the Lost Ark became the year's top-grossing film and remains one of the highest-grossing films ever made. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards in 1982, including Best Picture, and won four and a fifth Special Achievement Award for its Sound Effects Editing. The film's critical and popular success led to three additional films, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles, and 15 video games as of 2009. In 1999, the film was included in the U.S. Library of Congress' National Film Registry as having been deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/04qz6n	Laura Elizabeth Innes is an American actress and television director, best known for her role as Dr. Kerry Weaver on the NBC medical drama ER, and most recently, as Sophia on the NBC thriller The Event.
/m/02z0j	Frankfurt am Main, commonly known as Frankfurt, is the largest city in the German state of Hesse and the fifth-largest city in Germany, with a 2012 population of 687,775. The urban area had an estimated population of 2,300,000 in 2010. The city is at the centre of the larger Frankfurt Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region which has a population of 5,600,000 and is Germany's second-largest metropolitan region. Since the enlargement of the European Union in 2013, the geographic centre of the EU is about 40 km east of Frankfurt.\nFrankfurt is the largest financial centre in continental Europe and ranks among the world's leading financial centres. It is home to the European Central Bank, Deutsche Bundesbank, Frankfurt Stock Exchange and several large commercial banks. The European Central Bank is the central bank of the eurozone, consisting of 18 EU member states that have adopted the euro as their common currency and sole legal tender. The Deutsche Bundesbank is the central bank of Germany and as such part of the European System of Central Banks. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is one of the world's largest stock exchanges by market capitalization and accounts for over 90 percent of the turnover in the German market. In 2010, 63 national and 152 international banks had their registered offices in Frankfurt, including the headquarters of the major German banks, notably Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank, DZ Bank and KfW, as well as 41 representative offices of international banks.
/m/0bg539	Jemaine Atea Mahana Clement is a New Zealand comedian, actor and multi-instrumentalist, best known as one half of the musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords along with Bret McKenzie.
/m/0k269	Ewan Gordon McGregor, OBE is a Scottish actor who has had success in mainstream, indie, and art house films. He is perhaps best known for his roles as heroin addict Mark Renton in the drama Trainspotting, Jedi Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, poet Christian in the musical film Moulin Rouge!, and storyteller Edward Bloom in Tim Burton's Big Fish. He has also received critical acclaim for his starring roles in theatre productions of Guys and Dolls and Othello. McGregor was ranked No. 36 on Empire magazine's \"The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time\" list in 1997.
/m/0h27vc	Jack McBrayer is an American comedic actor who gained national exposure for his characters on Late Night with Conan O'Brien. He is known for portraying Kenneth Parcell on the television series 30 Rock, a role for which he received an Emmy nomination in 2009 at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards. He currently stars as the title character, Wander, in the Disney Channel original series Wander Over Yonder and is also the voice of Fix-It-Felix Jr. in the film Wreck-It Ralph.
/m/04g_wd	James Wong was a Cantopop lyricist and writer based primarily in Hong Kong. Beginning from the 1960s, he was the lyricist for over 2,000 songs, collaborating with composer Joseph Koo on many popular television theme songs, many of which have become classics of the genre. His work propelled Cantopop to unprecedented popularity.\nHe was also a well known in Asia as a columnist, actor, film director, screenwriter, and talk show hosts. He took part in creative directing positions within the entertainment industry in Hong Kong.\nWong died of lung cancer after a four-year battle at the age of 64 in 24 November 2004 at 00:46.
/m/0h03fhx	Argo is a 2012 American political thriller film directed by Ben Affleck. This dramatization is adapted from U.S. Central Intelligence Agency operative Tony Mendez's book The Master of Disguise and Joshuah Bearman's 2007 Wired article The Great Escape. The latter deals with the \"Canadian Caper,\" in which Tony Mendez led the rescue of six U.S. diplomats from Tehran, Iran, during the 1979 Iran hostage crisis.\nThe film stars Affleck as Mendez with Bryan Cranston, Alan Arkin, and John Goodman in supporting roles, and was released in North America to critical and commercial success on October 12, 2012. The film was produced by Affleck, Grant Heslov and George Clooney. The story of this rescue was also told in the 1981 television movie Escape from Iran: The Canadian Caper, directed by Lamont Johnson.\nUpon release, Argo received widespread acclaim and seven nominations for the 85th Academy Awards and won three, for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Film Editing and Best Picture. The film also earned five Golden Globe Award nominations, winning Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director, while being nominated for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for Alan Arkin. It won Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture at the 19th Screen Actors Guild Awards, with Arkin being nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role. It also won Best Film, Best Editing, and Best Director at the 66th British Academy Film Awards.
/m/09zzb8	A make-up artist is an artist whose medium is the human body, applying makeup and prosthetics for theatrical, television, film, fashion, magazines and other similar productions including all aspects of the modeling industry. Awards given for this profession in the entertainment industry include the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling and even several entertainment industry awards such as the Emmy Awards and the Golden Globes to name a few. In the United States as well as the other parts of the globe, professional licenses are required by agencies in order for them to hire the MUA. Bigger production companies have in-house makeup artists on their payroll although most MUA’s generally are freelance and their times remain flexible depending on the projects.The use of digital cameras may have made the use of bridal make up more popular.
/m/0gz6b6g	End of Watch is a 2012 American thriller drama film written and directed by David Ayer. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Peña as Los Angeles Police Department officers who work in South Central Los Angeles. It was originally scheduled to be released on September 28, 2012, but the release was moved up a week, to September 21. On December 7, the film was given a nationwide re-release.
/m/04v048	Richard O. Fleischer was an American film director.
/m/04kxsb	Best Actor in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.
/m/040rjq	Martin McDonagh is a playwright, filmmaker and screenwriter, with both British and Irish citizenship. He has been described as one of the most important living Irish playwrights.
/m/023g6w	Dogville is a 2003 Danish drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier, and starring Nicole Kidman, Lauren Bacall, Chloë Sevigny, Paul Bettany, Stellan Skarsgård, Udo Kier, Ben Gazzara and James Caan. It is a parable that uses an extremely minimal, stage-like set to tell the story of Grace Mulligan, a woman hiding from mobsters, who arrives in the small mountain town of Dogville, Colorado, and is provided refuge in return for physical labor. Because she has to win and retain the acceptance of every single one of the inhabitants of the town to be allowed to stay, any attempt by her to have her own way or to put a limit on her service risks driving her back out into the arms of the criminals. Although she has no power in herself, her stay there ultimately changes the lives of the local people and the town in many ways.\nThe film is the first in von Trier's projected USA – Land of Opportunities trilogy, followed by Manderlay and to be completed with Wasington. The film was in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival but Gus Van Sant's Elephant won the award. It was screened at various film festivals before receiving a limited release in the US on March 26, 2004.
/m/01ckrr	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance was an honor presented to recording artists for quality instrumental rock performances at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented at the 22nd Grammy Awards in 1980 to Paul McCartney and the band Wings for \"Rockestra Theme\". From 1986 to 1989, the category was known as Best Rock Instrumental Performance. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to artists \"for newly recorded rock, hard rock or metal instrumental performances\".\nAs of 2011, Jeff Beck holds the records for the most wins, with six. Sting has received three awards, twice as a member of The Police. Two-time recipients include Eric Clapton, Carlos Santana, The Flaming Lips, Steve Vai, and brothers Jimmie Vaughan and Stevie Ray Vaughan. At the 51st Grammy Awards, the tribute act Zappa Plays Zappa earned an award for their performance of Frank's instrumental song \"Peaches en Regalia\". Dweezil and Frank have both received multiple nominations and even competed against one another in 1988. Joe Satriani holds the record for the most nominations, with fourteen.
/m/026lgs	Contact is a 1997 American science fiction drama film, adapted from the Carl Sagan novel of the same name and directed by Robert Zemeckis. Both Sagan and wife Ann Druyan wrote the story outline for the film adaptation of Contact.\nJodie Foster portrays the film's protagonist, Dr. Eleanor \"Ellie\" Arroway, a SETI scientist who finds strong evidence of extraterrestrial life and is chosen to make first contact. The film also stars Matthew McConaughey, James Woods, Tom Skerritt, William Fichtner, John Hurt, Angela Bassett, Jake Busey, and David Morse.\nCarl Sagan and Ann Druyan began working on the film in 1979. Together, they wrote a 100+ page film treatment and set up Contact at Warner Bros. with Peter Guber and Lynda Obst as producers. When the project to make the film became mired in development hell, Sagan published Contact as a novel in 1985 and the film adaptation was rejuvenated in 1989. Roland Joffé and George Miller had planned to direct it, but Joffé dropped out in 1993 and Warner Bros. fired Miller in 1995. Robert Zemeckis was eventually hired to direct, and filming for Contact lasted from September 1996 to February 1997. Sony Pictures Imageworks handled most of the visual effects sequences.
/m/02j9z	Europe is, by convention, one of the world's seven continents. Comprising the westernmost peninsula of Eurasia, Europe is generally divided from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways connecting the Black and Aegean Seas.\nEurope is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Mediterranean Sea to the south, and the Black Sea and connected waterways to the southeast. Yet the borders of Europe—a concept dating back to classical antiquity—are somewhat arbitrary, as the primarily physiographic term \"continent\" can incorporate cultural and political elements.\nEurope is the world's second-smallest continent by surface area, covering about 10,180,000 square kilometres or 2% of the Earth's surface and about 6.8% of its land area. Of Europe's approximately 50 countries, Russia is by far the largest by both area and population, taking up 40% of the continent, while Vatican City is the smallest. Europe is the third-most populous continent after Asia and Africa, with a population of 733-739 million or about 11% of the world's population. The most commonly used currency is the euro.
/m/05qbbfb	The Last Airbender is a 2010 American fantasy adventure film written, produced, and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It is based on the first season of the Nickelodeon animated series Avatar: The Last Airbender. The film stars Noah Ringer as Aang, with Dev Patel as Prince Zuko, Nicola Peltz as Katara, and Jackson Rathbone as Sokka.\nDevelopment for the film began in 2007. It was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The Last Airbender was made for $150 million. Premiering in New York City on June 30, 2010, it opened in the United States the following day, grossing an estimated $16 million. It received extremely negative reviews from critics, receiving a Rotten Tomatoes score of 6%. The movie swept the Golden Raspberry Awards in 2010, with five wins including Worst Picture and has been considered to be one of the worst films of all time. Despite negative reviews, The Last Airbender opened in second place at the box office behind The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, and eventually grossed $131 million domestically and $319 million worldwide, becoming a box office success.
/m/025s1wg	Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over is a 2003 American science fantasy adventure film directed by Robert Rodriguez and the third film in the Spy Kids series. It was released in the United States on July 25, 2003. The film featured the return of many cast members from the past two films, although most were in minor roles and cameo appearances. A fourth film, entitled Spy Kids: All the Time in the World was released on August 19, 2011.
/m/047t_	Kiribati, officially the Republic of Kiribati, is an island nation in the central tropical Pacific Ocean. The permanent population is just over 100,000 on 800 square kilometres. The nation is composed of 32 atolls and one raised coral island, Banaba, dispersed over 3.5 million square kilometres, straddling the equator, and bordering the International Date Line at its easternmost point.\nThe name Kiribati is the local pronunciation of Gilberts, which derives from the main island chain, named the Gilbert Islands after the British explorer Thomas Gilbert, who sailed through the islands in 1788. The capital, South Tarawa, consists of a number of islets connected through a series of causeways, located in the Tarawa archipelago. Kiribati became independent from the United Kingdom in 1979. It is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the IMF and the World Bank, and became a full member of the United Nations in 1999.
/m/0bqsy	Nelly Kim Furtado is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold 20 million albums worldwide and more than 20 million singles, bringing her total sales to over 40 million records around the world. Furtado first gained fame with her debut album, Whoa, Nelly!, which spawned two successful singles, \"I'm Like a Bird\" and \"Turn Off the Light\". \"I'm Like A Bird\" won a 2001 Juno Award for Single of the Year and a 2002 Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. In 2003, Furtado released Folklore, which produced three international singles— \"Powerless\", \"Try\" and \"Força\". Three years later she released Loose, a worldwide commercial success. The album spawned four number-one hits: \"Promiscuous\", \"Maneater\", \"Say It Right\" and \"All Good Things\". After a three-year break, she released her first full-length Spanish album, Mi Plan, and Furtado received a Latin Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Album. In 2012, Furtado's fourth English-language studio album, The Spirit Indestructible, was released. Furtado's work has earned her numerous awards and accolades, including 2 Grammy Awards, 10 Juno Awards, 3 MuchMusic Video Awards and a star on Canada's Walk of Fame.
/m/0lzkm	Jim O'Rourke is an Irish American musician and record producer. He was long associated with the Chicago experimental and improv scene. Around 2000 he relocated to New York before moving on to Tokyo, Japan where he currently resides.
/m/01pr_j6	Himesh Reshammiya is an Indian music director, singer, actor, television producer, lyricist, film producer, script writer, and distributor.
/m/07tf8	A university is an institution of higher education and research which grants academic degrees in a variety of subjects and provides both undergraduate education and postgraduate education. The word \"university\" is derived from the Latin universitas magistrorum et scholarium, which roughly means \"community of teachers and scholars.\"
/m/023kzp	William Hall Macy, Jr. is an American actor, screenwriter, teacher and director in theater, film and television. His film career has been built mostly on his appearances in small, independent films, though he has appeared in summer action films as well. Macy has described himself as \"sort of a Middle American, WASPy, Lutheran kind of guy... Everyman\".\nMacy was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Jerry Lundegaard in Fargo. He has won two Emmy Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award, and has been nominated for nine Emmy Awards and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards in total. He is also a three-time Golden Globe Award nominee. Since 2011 he has played the main antagonist in the Showtime television series Shameless. Macy and actress Felicity Huffman have been married since 1997.
/m/01xq8v	Bram Stoker's Dracula is a 1992 American horror fantasy erotic drama film directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola, based on the novel Dracula by Bram Stoker. It stars Gary Oldman as Count Dracula, Winona Ryder as Mina Harker, Anthony Hopkins as Professor Abraham Van Helsing, and Keanu Reeves as Jonathan Harker.\nBram Stoker's Dracula was greeted by a generally positive critical reception and was a box office hit, although Reeves' performance has been widely criticised. Its score was composed by Wojciech Kilar and featured \"Love Song for a Vampire\" by Annie Lennox, which became an international hit, as the closing credits theme.
/m/01d1st	Nicholas Scott \"Nick\" Cannon is an American actor, comedian, rapper, and radio/television personality. On television, Cannon began as a teenager on All That before going on to host The Nick Cannon Show, Wild 'N Out, and America's Got Talent. He acted in the films Drumline, Love Don't Cost a Thing, and Roll Bounce. As a rapper, he released his debut self-titled album in 2003 with the hit single \"Gigolo\", a collaboration with singer R. Kelly. In 2006, Cannon recorded singles \"Dime Piece\" and \"My Wife\" for a planned album Stages, which was never released. Cannon married American R&B/pop singer Mariah Carey on April 30, 2008.
/m/02bqxb	The Fly is a 1986 American science fiction horror film directed and co-written by David Cronenberg. Produced by Brooksfilms and distributed by 20th Century Fox, the film stars Jeff Goldblum, Geena Davis and John Getz. It is based loosely on George Langelaan's 1957 short story of the same name, which also formed the basis for the 1958 film. The score was composed by Howard Shore and the make-up effects were created by Chris Walas, who, along with makeup artist Stephan Dupuis won the Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/02p7xc	Frank Skinner is an English writer, comedian, TV and radio presenter and actor.
/m/01wmcbg	Karen Blanche Black was an American actress, screenwriter, singer and songwriter. She is known for her appearances in such films as Easy Rider, Five Easy Pieces, The Great Gatsby and Airport 1975, The Day of the Locust and Nashville, Alfred Hitchcock's final film Family Plot, and Capricorn One. Over the course of her career, she won two Golden Globe Awards, and an Academy Award nomination in 1971 for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/02y8z	Fencing is the sport of fighting with swords. The most common version of fencing today, also called olympic fencing or competitive fencing, is divided into three weapon categories: foil, sabre and épée. Classical fencing uses the same three weapons, but approaches fencing as a martial art.\nCompetitive fencing is one of five sports which has been featured at every one of the modern Olympic Games, the other four being Athletics, Cycling, Swimming, and Gymnastics.
/m/01bns_	The zither is a musical string instrument, consisting of many strings stretched across a thin, flat body. It is played by strumming or plucking the strings, either with one's fingers, or using a tool called a plectrum. Like a guitar or lute, a zither's body serves as a sound box, but unlike them, a zither has no neck. The number of strings varies, from as few as twelve to more than fifty.\nThe term 'zither' organologically refers to a broad family of Eurasian musical instruments, but in modern usage most commonly refers to one of three specific instruments: the concert zither and its variant the Alpine zither and the fretless zither. Zither are most commonly found in Slovenia, Austria, Hungary, northwestern Croatia, the southern regions of Germany, alpine Europe, and East Asian cultures, including China.\nThe instrument underwent a popularity boom and resurgence in the late 1940s through to 1960s, following its prominent success as the theme music of the acclaimed 1949 film noir, The Third Man.
/m/0fqww	Drenthe is a province of the Netherlands, located in the north-east of the country. The capital city is Assen. It is bordered by Overijssel to the south, Friesland to the west, Groningen to the north, and Germany to the east.
/m/05sb1	Pakistan, officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is a sovereign country in South Asia. With a population exceeding 180 million people, it is the sixth most populous country and with an area covering 796,095 km², it is the 36th largest country in the world in terms of area. Located at the crossroads of the strategically important regions of South Asia, Central Asia and Western Asia, Pakistan has a 1,046-kilometre coastline along the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman in the south and is bordered by India to the east, Afghanistan to the west and north, Iran to the southwest and China in the far northeast. It is separated from Tajikistan by Afghanistan's narrow Wakhan Corridor in the north, and also shares a marine border with Oman.\nThe territory of modern Pakistan was home to several ancient cultures, including the Neolithic Mehrgarh and the Bronze Age Indus Valley Civilisation. The territory has been the home to kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, including Hindus, Persian, Indo-Greek, Islamic, Turco-Mongol, Afghan and Sikh. The area has been ruled by numerous empires and dynasties, including the Indian Mauryan Empire, the Persian Achaemenid Empire, Alexander of Macedonia, the Arab Umayyad Caliphate, the Mongol Empire, the Mughal Empire, the Durrani Empire, the Sikh Empire and the British Empire. As a result of the Pakistan Movement led by Muhammad Ali Jinnah and Subcontinent's struggle for independence, Pakistan was created in 1947 as an independent nation for Muslims from the regions in the east and west of Subcontinent where there was a Muslim majority. Initially a dominion, Pakistan adopted a new constitution in 1956, becoming an Islamic republic. A civil war in 1971 resulted in the secession of East Pakistan as the new country of Bangladesh.
/m/038g2x	Douglas Peter \"Doug\" Savant is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Matt Fielding on Melrose Place and Tom Scavo on the ABC dramedy series Desperate Housewives.
/m/0ptx_	Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American dramatic crime film directed by Sidney Lumet, written by Frank Pierson, and produced by Martin Bregman. The film stars Al Pacino, John Cazale, Charles Durning, Chris Sarandon, Penelope Allen, James Broderick, Lance Henriksen, and Carol Kane. The title refers to the \"sultry dog days of summer\".\nThe film was inspired by P.F. Kluge's article \"The Boys in the Bank\", which tells a similar story of the robbery of a Brooklyn bank by John Wojtowicz and Salvatore Naturale on August 22, 1972. This article was published in Life in 1972. The film received critical acclaim upon its September 1975 release by Warner Bros., some of which referred to its anti-establishment tone. Dog Day Afternoon was nominated for several Academy Awards and Golden Globe awards, and won one Academy Award.
/m/0h1p	Ang Lee OBS is a Taiwanese-born American film director, screenwriter and producer.\nLee's earlier films, such as The Wedding Banquet, Pushing Hands, and Eat Drink Man Woman explored the relationships and conflicts between tradition and modernity, Eastern and Western. Lee also deals with the repressed, hidden emotions in many of his films, including Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hulk, and Brokeback Mountain. Lee's remarkable insight into the human heart has allowed his films to transcend cultural and linguistic barriers to speak to audiences all over the world.\nLee has won the Academy Award for Best Director twice, first for Brokeback Mountain and most recently for Life of Pi. He also won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. He is the first person of Asian descent to win an Oscar, Golden Globe and BAFTA for Best Director, and the only director to win two Best Film Awards at the Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/0d6d2	Paul Leonard Newman was an American actor, film director, entrepreneur, humanitarian, professional racing driver, auto racing team owner and auto racing enthusiast. He won numerous awards, including an Academy Award for best actor for his performance in the 1986 Martin Scorsese film The Color of Money and eight other nominations, six Golden Globe Awards, a BAFTA Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a Cannes Film Festival Award, an Emmy Award, and many honorary awards. He also won several national championships as a driver in Sports Car Club of America road racing, and his race teams won several championships in open wheel IndyCar racing.\nNewman was a co-founder of Newman's Own, a food company from which Newman donated all post-tax profits and royalties to charity. As of 2013, these donations exceeded US$380 million. He also founded the SeriousFun Children's Network, a global family of camps and programs for children with serious illness which has served 290,076 children since 1988.
/m/06hzsx	William H. Daniels, A.S.C. was a film cinematographer who was Greta Garbo's personal lensman. Early in his career he worked regularly with director Erich von Stroheim. He is not to be confused with the stage and TV actor of the same name.
/m/0qkcb	Newton is a suburban city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is approximately 7 miles west of downtown Boston and is bordered by Boston and Watertown to the east. Rather than having a single city center, Newton is a patchwork of thirteen villages. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of Newton was 85,146, making it the eleventh largest city in the state.\nNewton is served by three modes of mass transit run by the MBTA: light rail, commuter rail, and bus service. Newton's proximity to Boston and easy commute, along with its handsome housing stock, good public schools and safe and quiet neighborhoods, make it a desirable community for those who commute to Boston. Newton has consistently ranked as one of the best cities to live in in the country. In August 2012, Money magazine named Newton fourth best small city among places to live in America.\nNewton was settled in 1630 as part of \"the newe towne\", which became Cambridge in 1638; it became its own town in 1688. There are several historical sites of interest in the Newton area. These include Crystal Lake, the East Parish and West Parish Burying Grounds, and the Jackson Homestead, which now houses the Newton History Museum. Historian and local resident Diana Muir has written about the history surrounding Bullough's Pond; a scene from the 2008 production of The Women was also filmed there.
/m/03lsq	The Houston Texans are a professional American football team based in Houston, Texas. The team is a member of the South Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The Texans joined the NFL in 2002 as an expansion team after Houston's previous franchise, the Houston Oilers, moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where they are now the Tennessee Titans. The team majority owner is Bob McNair. The team clinched its first playoff berth during the 2011 season as champions of the AFC South. The Texans repeated as AFC South champions in 2012.
/m/0c38gj	Blood Diamond is a 2006 American-German political war thriller film co-produced and directed by Edward Zwick, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Connelly and Djimon Hounsou. The title refers to blood diamonds, which are diamonds mined in African war zones and sold to finance conflicts, and thereby profit warlords and diamond companies across the world.\nSet during the Sierra Leone Civil War in 1996–2001, the film depicts a country torn apart by the struggle between government loyalists and insurgent forces. It also portrays many of the atrocities of that war, including the rebels' amputation of people's hands to discourage them from voting in upcoming elections.\nThe film's ending, in which a conference is held concerning blood diamonds, refers to an actual meeting that took place in Kimberley, South Africa in 2000 and led to the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, which seeks to certify the origin of rough diamonds in order to curb the trade in conflict diamonds. The film received mixed but generally favorable reviews, with praise directed mainly to DiCaprio and Hounsou, who in turn were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively.
/m/01kwhf	Norwich City Football Club is an English professional football club based in Norwich, Norfolk. During the 2012–13 Premier League season, Norwich City finished eleventh.\nThe club was founded in 1902 and first won promotion to the Football League First Division in 1972. Since then, Norwich have played a total of 23 seasons in the top flight, with a longest continuous spell of nine seasons. Norwich have won the League Cup twice, in 1962 and 1985, and the FA Youth Cup twice, in 1983 and 2013. They were founder members of the Premier League in 1992–93, finishing third in the inaugural season and played in its first three seasons, reaching the UEFA Cup 3rd round. Norwich most recently returned to the Premier League in 2011 after a six-year absence.\nSince 1935, Norwich have played their home games at Carrow Road and have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with East Anglian neighbours Ipswich Town, with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 138 times and Norwich are the current undisputed holders of the \"Pride of Anglia\" title. The fans' song \"On the Ball, City\" is regarded as being the oldest football song in the world.
/m/0jdd	Afghanistan, officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, is a landlocked country located in Central Asia, South Asia, and is a part of the Greater Middle East. It has a population of around 30 million inhabiting an area of approximately 652,000 km², making it the 42nd most populous and 41st largest nation in the world. It is bordered by Pakistan in the south and the east, Iran in the west, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan in the north, and China in the far northeast.\nAfghanistan has been an ancient focal point of the Silk Road and human migration. Archaeologists have found evidence of human habitation from as far back as the Middle Paleolithic. Urban civilization may have begun in the area as early as 3,000 to 2,000 BC. Sitting at an important geostrategic location that connects the Middle East culture with Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent, the land has been home to various peoples through the ages and witnessed many military campaigns, notably by Alexander the Great, Arab Muslims, Genghis Khan, and in modern-era Western forces. The land also served as a source from which the Kushans, Hephthalites, Samanids, Ghaznavids, Ghorids, Mughals, Durranis and others have risen to form major empires.
/m/02px_23	The TCU Horned Frogs football team is the intercollegiate football team of Texas Christian University. The Horned Frogs compete in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association in the United States.\nSince 2012, the Horned Frogs have been a member of the Big 12 Conference, and were previously members of the Mountain West Conference, Western Athletic Conference, Conference USA, Southwest Conference, and Texas Intercollegiate Athletic Association.\nTCU began playing football in 1896 and claims national championships in 1935 and 1938. TCU has one Heisman Trophy winner, Davey O'Brien, and has had seven former players inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. The Horned Frogs play their home games in Amon G. Carter Stadium, which is located on campus in Fort Worth.
/m/09gq0x5	The King's Speech is a 2010 British epic historical drama film directed by Tom Hooper and written by David Seidler. Colin Firth plays King George VI who, to cope with a stammer, sees Lionel Logue, an Australian speech and language therapist played by Geoffrey Rush. The men become friends as they work together, and after his brother abdicates the throne, the new King relies on Logue to help him make his first wartime radio broadcast on Britain's declaration of war on Germany in 1939.\nSeidler read about George VI's life after overcoming a stuttering condition he endured during his youth. He started writing about the relationship between the monarch and his therapist as early as the 1980s, but at the request of the King's widow, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, postponed work until her death in 2002. He later rewrote his screenplay for the stage to focus on the essential relationship between the two protagonists. Nine weeks before filming began, Logue's notebooks were discovered and quotations from them were incorporated into the script.\nPrincipal photography took place in London and around Britain from November 2009 to January 2010. The opening scenes were filmed at Elland Road, Leeds and Odsal Stadium, Bradford, both locations standing in for the old Wembley Stadium. For indoor scenes, Lancaster House substituted for Buckingham Palace, and Ely Cathedral stood in for Westminster Abbey, while the weaving mill scene was filmed at the Queen Street Mill in Burnley. The cinematography differs from that of other historical dramas: hard light was used to give the story a greater resonance and wider than normal lenses were employed to recreate the King's feelings of constriction. A third technique Hooper employed was the off-centre framing of characters: in his first consultation with Logue, George VI is captured hunched on the side of a couch at the edge of the frame.
/m/058x5	Mormonism is the predominant religious tradition of the Latter Day Saint movement of Restorationist Christianity. This movement was founded by Joseph Smith, Jr., in the 1820s. During the 1830s and 1840s, Mormonism gradually distinguished itself from traditional Protestantism. Mormonism today represents the new, non-Protestant faith taught by Smith in the 1840s. After Smith's death, most Mormons followed Brigham Young west, calling themselves The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Other variations of Mormonism include Mormon fundamentalism, which seeks to maintain practices and doctrines such as polygamy that were abandoned by the LDS Church, and various other small independent denominations.\nThe word Mormon is derived from the Book of Mormon, one of the faith's religious texts. Based on the name of that book, early followers of founder Joseph Smith, Jr. were called Mormons, and their faith was called Mormonism. The term was initially considered pejorative, but is no longer considered so by Mormons.\nMormonism shares a common set of beliefs with the rest of the Latter Day Saint movement, including use of, and belief in, the Bible, as well as other religious texts including the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants. It also accepts the Pearl of Great Price as part of its scriptural canon, and has a history of teaching eternal marriage, eternal progression, and plural marriage, although the LDS Church formally abandoned the practice in 1891. Cultural Mormonism includes a lifestyle promoted by the Mormon institutions, and includes cultural Mormons who identify with the culture, but not necessarily the theology.
/m/01y0s9	Nondenominational Christian institutions are those not formally aligned with an established religious denomination, but are historically Protestant, or that remain otherwise officially autonomous. This, however, does not preclude an identifiable standard among such congregations. Nondenominational church congregations may establish a functional denomination by means of mutual recognition of or accountability to other congregations and leaders with commonly held doctrine, policy and worship without formalizing external direction or oversight in such matters. Some nondenominational churches explicitly reject the idea of a formalized denominational structure as a matter of principle, holding that each congregation is better off being autonomous. A 2012 Gallup survey reported that 10% of U.S. adults identify as non-specific Christian.
/m/01trtc	Interscope Records is an American record label owned and founded by Jimmy Iovine and Giorgio Saravia in 1989. It is based in Santa Monica, California and operates as one third of Universal Music Group's Interscope Geffen A&M. The label is home to over 146 artists.\nAs of 2013, Interscope became the number-one charting label based on Mediabase, and also with the largest label share on over four radio formats, with Adult Contemporary being their largest share of the formats.
/m/048xh	Kraftwerk are a German electronic music band formed by Ralf Hütter and Florian Schneider in 1970 in Düsseldorf, and fronted by them until Schneider's departure in 2008. The signature Kraftwerk sound combines driving, repetitive rhythms with catchy melodies, mainly following a Western Classical style of harmony, with a minimalistic and strictly electronic instrumentation. The group's simplified lyrics are at times sung through a vocoder or generated by computer-speech software. Kraftwerk were one of the first groups to popularize electronic music and are considered pioneers in the field.\nIn the 1970s and early 1980s, Kraftwerk's distinctive sound was revolutionary, and has had a lasting effect across many genres of modern music. According to The Observer, \"no other band since the Beatles has given so much to pop culture\" and a wide range of artists have been influenced by their music and image. In January 2014 the Grammy Academy honored Kraftwerk with a Lifetime Achievement Award.
/m/02pq9yv	Graham King, OBE is a British film producer. He is President and CEO of production companies Initial Entertainment Group and GK Films. He is best known for his Academy Award winning 2006 crime thriller film The Departed, which was awarded the Best Picture Oscar at the 79th Academy Awards. He has had two major commercial successes as producer, The Departed and The Tourist.\nKing was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2010 New Year Honours.
/m/015rkw	Sir Michael John Gambon CBE is an Irish-born English actor who has worked in theatre, television and film. A highly respected theatre actor, Gambon is also recognised for his roles as Philip Marlow in the BBC television serial The Singing Detective, as Jules Maigret in the 1990s ITV serial Maigret, and as Professor Albus Dumbledore in the final six Harry Potter films.
/m/02sf_r	Point Guard ist der \"Spielmacher\" im Basketball
/m/05x_5	Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana, is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University system. Purdue was founded on May 6, 1869, as a land-grant university when the Indiana General Assembly, taking advantage of the Morrill Act, accepted a donation of land and money from Lafayette businessman John Purdue to establish a college of science, technology, and agriculture in his name. The first classes were held on September 16, 1874, with six instructors and 39 students.\nThe university was founded with the gift of $150,000 from John Purdue, a Lafayette business leader and philanthropist, along with $50,000 from Tippecanoe County, and 150 acres of land from Lafayette residents in support of the project. In 1869, it was decided that the new school would be built near the city of Lafayette and established as Purdue University, in the name of the institution’s principal benefactor.\nThe West Lafayette campus offers more than 200 majors for undergraduates, over 70 master’s and doctoral programs, and professional degrees in pharmacy and veterinary medicine. In addition, Purdue has 18 intercollegiate sports teams and more than 850 student organizations. Today, Purdue is a member of the Big Ten Conference. Purdue enrolls the second largest student body of any university in Indiana as well as the fourth largest international student population of any university in the United States.
/m/05k4my	Lady in the Water is a 2006 American fantasy thriller written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Paul Giamatti and Bryce Dallas Howard. The film follows a Philadelphia maintenance man who discovers a young woman in the swimming pool of his apartment complex. Gradually, he and his neighbors learn that she is a water nymph whose life is in danger from a vicious, wolf-like, mystical creature that tries to keep her from returning to her watery \"blue world\".\nThis is Shyamalan's first movie in which he has played a significant role, as one of the supporting actors. The film received generally unfavorable reviews from film critics, who mostly criticized it as having a lack of focus.
/m/01846t	John Rhys-Davies is a Welsh actor and voice actor. He is perhaps best known for playing the dwarf Gimli in The Lord of the Rings trilogy and the charismatic Arab excavator Sallah in the Indiana Jones films. He also played Agent Michael Malone in the 1993 remake of the 1950s television series The Untouchables, Pilot Vasco Rodrigues in the mini-series Shōgun, Professor Maximillian Arturo in Sliders, King Richard I in Robin of Sherwood, General Leonid Pushkin in the James Bond film The Living Daylights, and Macro in I, Claudius. Additionally, he provided the voices of Cassim in Disney's Aladdin and the King of Thieves, Man Ray in SpongeBob SquarePants, and Tobias in the computer game Freelancer.
/m/07pd_j	American Pie is a 1999 blue comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz, in their directorial film debut. It is the first film in the American Pie theatrical series. The film was a box-office hit and spawned three direct sequels: American Pie 2, American Wedding, and American Reunion. The film concentrates on five boys who attend East Great Falls High. With the exception of Stifler, the other four make a pact to lose their virginity before their high school graduation. The title is borrowed from the folk song of the same name and refers to a scene in the film, in which the lead character is caught masturbating with a pie after being told that third base feels like \"warm apple pie\". It's also been stated by writer Adam Herz that the title also refers to the quest of losing your virginity in high school, which is as \"American as apple pie.\"\nThe film's theme song is Laid by James, which is also the theme for the entire franchise.\nIn addition to the primary American Pie saga, there are currently four direct-to-DVD spin-off films bearing the title American Pie Presents: Band Camp, The Naked Mile, Beta House, and The Book of Love.
/m/022h5x	The Bachelor of Business Administration is a bachelor's degree in commerce and business administration. In most universities, the degree is conferred upon a student after four years of full-time study in one or more areas of business concentrations. The BBA program usually includes general business courses and advanced courses for specific concentrations.\nThe BSBA - a variant on this degree - usually differs as regards to General educational requirements.
/m/0gy6z9	Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg is an American actor, producer, model, and former rapper. He was known as Marky Mark in his earlier years, becoming famous for his 1991 debut as frontman with the band Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch. He later transitioned to acting, and is now known for his roles in films including Boogie Nights, Three Kings, The Perfect Storm, Planet of the Apes, Rock Star, The Italian Job, The Departed, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, The Other Guys, The Fighter, Ted and Lone Survivor. He has also served as executive producer of the HBO series' Entourage, Boardwalk Empire, and How to Make It in America.
/m/01nyl	The Central African Republic is a landlocked country in Central Africa. It is bordered by Chad in the north, Sudan in the northeast, South Sudan in the east, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo in the south and Cameroon in the west. The CAR covers a land area of about 620,000 square kilometres and has an estimated population of about 4.4 million as of 2008. The capital is Bangui.\nFrance called the colony it carved out in this region Oubangui-Chari, as most of the territory was located in the Ubangi and Chari river basins. From 1910 until 1960 it was part of French Equatorial Africa. It became a semi-autonomous territory of the French Community in 1958 and then an independent nation on 13 August 1960, taking its present name. For over three decades after independence, the CAR was ruled by presidents or an emperor, who either were unelected or who took power by force. Local discontent with this system was eventually reinforced by international pressure, following the end of the Cold War.\nThe first multi-party democratic elections in the CAR were held in 1993, with the aid of resources provided by the country's donors and help from the United Nations. The elections brought Ange-Félix Patassé to power, but he lost popular support during his presidency and was overthrown in 2003 by General François Bozizé, who went on to win a democratic election in May 2005. Bozizé's inability to pay public sector workers led to strikes in 2007, which led him to appoint a new government on 22 January 2008, headed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra. In February 2010, Bozizé signed a presidential decree which set 25 April 2010 as the date for the next presidential election. This was postponed, but elections were held in January and March 2011, which were won by Bozizé and his party. Despite maintaining a veneer of stability, Bozizé's rule was plagued with heavy corruption, underdevelopment, nepotism and authoritarianism, which led to an open rebellion against his government. The rebellion was led by an alliance of armed opposition factions known as the Séléka Coalition during the Central African Republic Bush War and the 2012–2013 Central African Republic conflict. This eventually led to his overthrow on 24 March 2013. As a result of the coup d'etat and resulting chaos, governance in the CAR has all but disappeared and Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye has said the country is \"anarchy, a non-state.\" Both the president and prime minister resigned in January, 2014, to be replaced by an interim leader.
/m/07jdr	A train is a form of rail transport consisting of a series of vehicles propelled along a rail track to transport cargo or passengers. Motive power is provided by a separate locomotive or individual motors in self-propelled multiple units. Although historically steam propulsion dominated, the most common modern forms are diesel and electric locomotives, the latter supplied by overhead wires or additional rails. Other energy sources include horses, rope or wire, gravity, pneumatics, batteries, and gas turbines. Train tracks usually consists of two, three or four rails, with a limited number of monorails and maglev guideways in the mix. The word 'train' comes from the Old French trahiner, from the Latin trahere 'pull, draw'.\nThere are various types of trains that are designed for particular purposes. A train can consist of a combination of one or more locomotives and attached railroad cars, or a self-propelled multiple unit. The first trains were rope-hauled, gravity powered or pulled by horses. From the early 19th century almost all were powered by steam locomotives. From the 1910s onwards the steam locomotives began to be replaced by less labour-intensive and cleaner diesel locomotives and electric locomotives, while at about the same time self-propelled multiple unit vehicles of either power system became much more common in passenger service.
/m/06w99h3	Rango is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy western film directed by Gore Verbinski and produced by Graham King. Rango was a critical and commercial success, and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.\nIn the film, Rango, a chameleon, accidentally ends up in the town of Dirt, an outpost that is in desperate need of a new sheriff. It features the voices of actors Johnny Depp, Isla Fisher, Bill Nighy, Abigail Breslin, Alfred Molina, Harry Dean Stanton, Ray Winstone, Timothy Olyphant, Stephen Root and Ned Beatty. It was released to theaters on March 4, 2011.
/m/02q3n9c	Wellington Phoenix FC is a professional soccer club based in Wellington, New Zealand. The Phoenix compete in the Australian A-League. The club is notable for competing in a league of a different confederation than that of the country where it is based. Ernie Merrick is the head coach following the resignation of founding coach Ricki Herbert late in the 2012–13 season. Andrew Durante has been the club captain since the 2008-09 season. The club's highest achievement is reaching the A-League Preliminary Final in 2010. The Phoenix play their home games at the Westpac Stadium, which is colloquially known by Phoenix fans as \"The Ring of Fire\".
/m/0gr0m	The Academy Award for Best Cinematography is an Academy Award awarded each year to a cinematographer for work in one particular motion picture.
/m/0c4hgj	The 40th Academy Awards honored film achievements of 1967. Originally scheduled for 8 April 1968, the awards were postponed to two days later, 10 April 1968, because of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr..\nDue to the increasing rarity of black and white feature films, the awards for cinematography, art direction and costume design were combined into single categories rather than a distinction between color and monochrome. The Best Picture nominees were an eclectic group of films reflecting the chaos of their era.\nBob Hope was once again the host of the ceremony. The winner in the Best Picture category was producer Walter Mirisch and director Norman Jewison's thriller/mystery film, In the Heat of the Night.\nThis year's nominations also marked the first time that three different films were nominated for the \"Top Five\" Academy Awards: Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress and Screenplay. The three films were Bonnie and Clyde, The Graduate and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner.\nThe Graduate is, as of 2013, the last film to win Best Director and nothing else.\nDue to an all-out push by Academy President Gregory Peck, 18 of the 20 acting nominees were present at the ceremony. Only Katharine Hepburn and the late Spencer Tracy, who was nominated posthumously, were missing.
/m/03_l8m	Lauren Ambrose is an American film, television, and stage actress.
/m/027x7z5	Queen of the Damned is a 2002 vampire horror film and a loose adaptation of the third novel of Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series, The Queen of the Damned, although the film contains many plot elements from the latter novel's predecessor, The Vampire Lestat. It stars Aaliyah as the vampire queen Akasha, and Stuart Townsend as the vampire Lestat. Queen of the Damned was released six months after Aaliyah's death and is dedicated to her memory.
/m/01fszq	The Golden Girls is an American sitcom, created by Susan Harris, that originally aired on NBC from September 14, 1985, to May 9, 1992. Starring Bea Arthur, Betty White, Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty, the show centers on four older women sharing a home in Miami, Florida. It was produced by Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions, in association with Touchstone Television, and Paul Junger Witt, Tony Thomas, and Harris served as the original executive producers.\nThe Golden Girls received critical acclaim throughout most of its run and won several awards, including the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series twice. It also won three Golden Globe Awards for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy. All four stars each received an Emmy Award throughout the series, making it one of only three sitcoms in the award's history to achieve this feat. The actresses also had multiple nominations. The series also ranked among the top ten highest-rated programs for six out of its seven seasons.
/m/0gx_p	Michelle Marie Pfeiffer is an American actress and singer. She made her film debut in 1980 in The Hollywood Knights, but first garnered mainstream attention with her breakout performance in Scarface.\nPfeiffer has had her greatest commercial successes with Batman Returns, What Lies Beneath, and Hairspray. Her other films include Ladyhawke, The Witches of Eastwick, Married to the Mob, The Age of Innocence, Wolf, Dangerous Minds, I Am Sam, Cheri, and Dark Shadows.\nDuring her career, Pfeiffer has won numerous awards including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, and Best Actress awards from the National Board of Review, the National Society of Film Critics, the New York Film Critics Circle, the Chicago Film Critics Association and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, as well as Best Supporting Actress awards from the Kansas City Film Critics Circle and the San Diego Film Critics Society.\nShe has received three Academy Award nominations to date: Best Supporting Actress for Dangerous Liaisons, and Best Actress in The Fabulous Baker Boys and Love Field.
/m/01yhvv	Elisha Ann Cuthbert is a Canadian actress and model. She began her career as the co-host of the Canadian children's television series Popular Mechanics for Kids. Since then, her best known television roles have been Kim Bauer on the Fox action-thriller series 24 and Alex Kerkovich on the ABC comedy series Happy Endings. She has appeared in such films as Airspeed, Love Actually, Old School, The Girl Next Door, House of Wax, and Captivity.
/m/07tjf	Uppsala University is a research university in Uppsala, Sweden, and is the oldest university in Sweden, founded in 1477. It ranks among the best universities in Northern Europe in international rankings.\nThe university rose to pronounced significance during the rise of Sweden as a great power at the end of the 16th century and was then given a relative financial stability with the large donation of King Gustavus Adolphus in the early 17th century. Uppsala also has an important historical place in Swedish national culture, identity and for the Swedish establishment: in historiography, literature, politics, and music. Many aspects of Swedish academic culture in general, such as the white student cap, originated in Uppsala. It shares some peculiarities, such as the student nation system, with Lund University and the University of Helsinki.\nUppsala belongs to the Coimbra Group of European universities. The university has nine faculties distributed over three “disciplinary domains”. It has about 24,000 full-time students and 2,400 doctoral students. It has a teaching staff of roughly 1,800 out of a total of 6,500 employees. Twenty-five per cent of the 674 professors at the university are women. Of its turnover of SEK 5.9 billion in 2013, 30% was spent on education on basic and advanced level, while 66% was spent on research and research programs.
/m/0sx8l	The 1980 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games, was a multi-sport event which was celebrated from February 13, through February 24, 1980 in Lake Placid, New York, United States of America. This was the second time the Upstate New York village hosted the Games, after 1932. The only other candidate city to bid for the Games was Vancouver-Garibaldi, British Columbia, Canada; which withdrew before the final vote.\nThe mascots of the Games were \"Roni\" and \"Ronny\", two raccoons. The mask-like rings on a raccoon's face recall the goggles and hats worn by many athletes in winter sports.\nThe sports were played at the Olympic Center, Whiteface Mountain, Mt. Van Hoevenberg Olympic Bobsled Run, the Olympic Ski Jumps, the Cascade Cross Country Ski Center, and the Lake Placid High School Speed Skating Oval.
/m/04rvy8	Ronald Elwin Neame CBE BSC was an English film cinematographer, producer, screenwriter and director. As cinematographer for the British war film One of Our Aircraft Is Missing, he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Special Effects. During a partnership with director David Lean, he produced Brief Encounter, Great Expectations, and Oliver Twist, receiving two Academy Award nominations for writing.\nNeame then moved into directing, and some notable films included, I Could Go On Singing, Judy Garland's last film, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, which won Maggie Smith her first Oscar, Scrooge, starring Alec Guinness, and the action-adventure disaster film The Poseidon Adventure.\nFor his contributions to the film industry, Neame was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Elizabeth II, and received the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, the highest award the British Film Academy can give a filmmaker.
/m/03zrhb	The Korea Republic national football team represents South Korea in international association football and is controlled by the Korea Football Association.\nSouth Korea is one of Asia's most successful teams and has participated in eight consecutive and nine overall World Cup tournaments. South Korea became the first Asian team to reach the semi-final stages when they co-hosted the 2002 tournament with Japan and to reach Round of 16 in World Cup 2010. They also won the first two editions of the AFC Asian Cup, though they have since been unable to be victorious.\nThe team is commonly nicknamed \"The Reds\" by both fans and the media due to the color of their primary kit. This is led to the creation of an official supporting group referred to as the Red Devils in 1995.
/m/01q460	The National University of Singapore is a comprehensive research university located in Singapore, being the flagship tertiary institution of the country which has a global approach to education and research. Founded in 1905, it is the oldest higher learning institute in Singapore, as well as the largest university in the country in terms of student enrolment and curriculum offered.\nThe university's main campus is located in southwest Singapore at Kent Ridge, with an area of approximately 1.5 km². The Bukit Timah campus houses the Faculty of Law, Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy and research institutes, while the Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School Singapore is located at the Outram campus. It is the best university in Asia as of 2013 QS World Rankings.\nThe former British Prime Minister Tony Blair had named NUS as the headquarters of his Asian Faith and Globalization Initiative together with Durham University in the UK and Yale University in the USA to deliver an exclusive programme in partnership with Tony Blair Faith Foundation.
/m/017dtf	Magic Knight Rayearth is a Japanese manga series created by Clamp, an all-female manga artist team consisting of Satsuki Igarashi, Ageha Ohkawa, Tsubaki Nekoi and Mokona. Appearing as a serial in the manga magazine Nakayoshi from the November 1993 issue to the February 1995 issue, the chapters of Magic Knight Rayearth were collected into three bound volumes by Kodansha, and published from July 1994 to March 1995. A sequel was serialized in the same manga magazine from the March 1995 issue to the April 1996 issue, and was published by Kodansha in three bound volumes from to July 1995 to April 1996. The series follows three eighth-grade girls who find themselves transported from modern-day Japan into a magical world, where they are tasked with rescuing a princess.\nRayearth combines elements from the magical girl and mecha anime genres with parallel world fantasy. The manga was adapted into two anime series in 1994 and an original video animation in 1997.
/m/0bwhdbl	Scream 4 is a 2011 American slasher film and the fourth installment in the Scream series. Directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson, writer of Scream and Scream 2, the film stars an ensemble cast which includes Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Emma Roberts and Hayden Panettiere. The plot involves Sidney Prescott returning to Woodsboro after ten years as part of her book tour. As soon as she arrives, Ghostface once again begins killing students from Woodsboro High, including her younger cousin's friends. Prescott, Gale Weathers-Riley, and Dewey Riley once again team up to stop the murders, but not before having to learn from a new generation the \"new rules\" of surviving horror films.\nOriginally, the series was intended to be a trilogy, but film production was approved by Bob Weinstein. Depending on the box office, Scream 4 is intended to be the first of a new trilogy. Williamson had to leave production early due to contractual obligations and Ehren Kruger was brought in for re-writes. Campbell, Arquette and Cox are the only returning cast members from the previous films and were the first to sign on to the film in September 2009. Panettiere and Rory Culkin were the first of the new cast to sign on in May 2010. Ashley Greene was initially the choice of the lead character, Jill, but the role eventually went to Roberts. Filming took place in and around Ann Arbor, Michigan in June 2010 to September 2010, with re-shoots in early 2011.
/m/05crg7	Santana is a Latin music influenced, Grammy Award winning, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, rock band. Founded in San Francisco during the late 1960s, it is based around the compositions and playing of lead guitarist and founder Carlos Santana. The band first came to widespread public attention when their performance of their Latin rock song \"Soul Sacrifice\" at Woodstock in 1969 provided a contrast to other acts on the bill. This exposure helped propel their first album, also named Santana, into a hit, followed in the next two years by the successful Abraxas and Santana III.\nIn the years that followed lineup changes were common. Carlos Santana's increasing involvement with guru Sri Chinmoy took the band into more esoteric music, though never quite losing its initial Latin influence.\nIn 1998, the group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, with Carlos Santana, Jose Chepito Areas, David Brown, Gregg Rolie, Mike Carabello and Michael Shrieve being honored.\nThe band has earned eight Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy Awards, the latter all in 2000. Carlos also won Grammy Awards as a solo artist in 1989 and 2003. Santana has sold more than 90 million records worldwide, making them one of the world’s best-selling groups of all time. In 2013 Santana announced a reunion of the classic line-up for a new record, predicting a 2014 release.
/m/0208wk	The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year. The awards have been described as one of the three most prestigious speculative fiction awards, along with the Hugo and Nebula Awards. The World Fantasy Award for Best Novel is given each year for fantasy novels published in English or translated into English. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novel if it is 40,000 words or longer; awards are also given out for pieces of shorter lengths in the short story and novella categories. The World Fantasy Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually since 1975.\nWorld Fantasy Award nominees and winners are decided by attendees and judges at the annual World Fantasy Convention. A ballot is posted in June for attendees of the current and previous two conferences to determine two of the finalists, and a panel of five judges adds three or more nominees before voting on the overall winner. The panel of judges is typically made up of fantasy authors and is chosen each year by the World Fantasy Awards Administration, which has the power to break ties. The final results are presented at the World Fantasy Convention at the end of October.
/m/0dyb1	Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy-comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed by John Lasseter, released by Walt Disney Pictures, Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first film produced by Pixar. Toy Story follows a group of anthropomorphic toys who pretend to be lifeless whenever humans are present, and focuses on the relationship between Woody, a pullstring cowboy doll, and Buzz Lightyear, an astronaut action figure. The film was written by John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, Joel Cohen, Alec Sokolow, and Joss Whedon, and featured music by Randy Newman. Its executive producers were Steve Jobs and Edwin Catmull.\nPixar, which produced short animated films to promote their computers, was approached by Disney to produce a computer-animated feature after the success of the short Tin Toy, which is told from a small toy's perspective. Lasseter, Stanton, and Pete Docter wrote early story treatments which were thrown out by Disney, who pushed for a more edgy film. After disastrous story reels, production was halted and the script was re-written, better reflecting the tone and theme Pixar desired: that \"toys deeply want children to play with them, and that this desire drives their hopes, fears, and actions.\" The studio, then consisting of a relatively small number of employees, produced the film under minor financial constraints.
/m/02pjxr	In film and television, a production designer or P.D is the person responsible for the overall look of a filmed event such as films, TV programs, video games, music videos or adverts. Production designers have one of the key creative roles in the creation of motion pictures and television. Working directly with the director and producer, they must select the settings and style to visually tell the story. The term \"production designer\" was coined by William Cameron Menzies while he was working on the film Gone with the Wind. Previously the people with the same responsibilities were called \"art directors.\"
/m/03_8kz	Lou Grant is an American television drama series starring Ed Asner in the titular role as a newspaper editor. Unusual in American television, this drama series was a spinoff from a sitcom, The Mary Tyler Moore Show.\nAired from 1977 to 1982, Lou Grant won 13 Emmy Awards, including \"Outstanding Drama Series\". Asner won the Emmy Award for \"Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series\" in 1978 and 1980. In doing so, he became the only person to win an Emmy Award for both \"Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series\" and \"Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series\" for portraying the same character, recognizing his work on this series and The Mary Tyler Moore Show. Lou Grant also won two Golden Globe awards, a Peabody award, an Eddie award, three awards from the Directors Guild of America, and two Humanitas prizes.
/m/01_rh4	George Hosato Takei is an American actor and author, best known for his role as Hikaru Sulu, helmsman of the USS Enterprise in the television series Star Trek. He also portrayed the character in six Star Trek feature films and in an episode of Star Trek: Voyager. He is a proponent of gay rights and active in state and local politics apart from his continued acting career. He has won several awards and accolades in his work on human rights and Japanese–American relations, including his work with the Japanese American National Museum. He has achieved celebrity status among a younger generation as a prominent social networker, managing one of the most popular pages on Facebook.
/m/09fb5	John Joseph \"Jack\" Nicholson is an American actor, film director, producer, and writer. Throughout his career, Jack Nicholson has portrayed unique and challenging roles, many of which include dark portrayals of neurotic and psychopathic characters. Nicholson's 12 Oscar nominations make him the most nominated male actor in the history of the Academy Awards.\nNicholson has twice won the Academy Award for Best Actor, for One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and for As Good as It Gets. He also won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the 1983 film Terms of Endearment. He is tied with Walter Brennan and Daniel Day-Lewis for most Academy Award acting wins by a male actor, with three. Nicholson is well known for playing villainous roles, such as Frank Costello in The Departed, Jack Torrance in The Shining and the Joker in 1989's Batman.\nNicholson was one of only two actors to be nominated for an Academy Award for acting in every decade from the 1960s to 2000s; the other was Michael Caine. He has won six Golden Globe Awards, and received the Kennedy Center Honor in 2001. In 1994, he became one of the youngest actors to be awarded the American Film Institute's Life Achievement Award. Notable films in which he has starred include Easy Rider, Five Easy Pieces, The Last Detail, Chinatown, The Passenger, The Shining, Reds, Wolf, A Few Good Men, The Pledge, About Schmidt, and The Departed.
/m/09ld6g	Nagesh, was a National Award-winning Tamil film actor, mostly remembered for his roles as a comedian during the 1960s. He is regarded as one of the most prolific comedians in Tamil cinema. He acted in over 1,000 films from 1958 to 2008, performing in variety of roles as comedian, lead roles, supporting actor and antagonist. Nagesh's style of comedy was largely inspired by Hollywood actor Jerry Lewis. Similarities between Nagesh and Lewis earned Nagesh the sobriquet \"Jerry Lewis of India\".
/m/01j1n2	Coming of age is a young person's transition from childhood to adulthood. The age at which this transition takes place varies in society, as does the nature of the transition. It can be a simple legal convention or can be part of a ritual, as practiced by many societies. In the past, and in some societies today, such a change is associated with the age of sexual maturity; in others, it is associated with an age of religious responsibility. Particularly in western societies, modern legal conventions which stipulate points in late adolescence or early adulthood are the focus of the transition. In either case, many cultures retain ceremonies to confirm the coming of age, and significant benefits come with the change.\nComing of age is often a topic of fiction. In literature, a novel which deals with coming of age is called a bildungsroman. Similar stories told in film are called coming-of-age films.
/m/01ffx4	The Red Violin is a 1998 Canadian drama film directed by François Girard. It spans four centuries and five countries as it tells the story of a mysterious violin and its many owners. The film was an international co-production among companies in Canada, Italy, and the United Kingdom.
/m/0d075m	The Democratic Party of the United States of America is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with the younger Republican Party. Tracing its origins back to the Democratic-Republican Party, the modern Democratic Party was founded around 1828 and is the oldest political party in the world. There have been 15 Democratic presidents, the first being Andrew Jackson, who served from 1829 to 1837; the most recent is the current president, Barack Obama, who has served since 2009.\nSince the 1930s, the party has promoted a social liberal platform. Until the late 20th century the party had a powerful conservative wing based in the rural South, which over time has greatly diminished. Today its Congressional caucus is composed mostly of progressives and centrists.\nAs of the 113th Congress, following the 2012 elections, the Democratic Party holds a minority of seats in the House of Representatives and a majority of seats in the United States Senate, as well as a minority of state governorships and control of a minority of state legislatures.
/m/01gzm2	Nora Ephron was an American journalist, essayist, playwright, screenwriter, novelist, producer, director, and blogger.\nEphron is best known for her romantic comedies and was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Writing: for Silkwood, When Harry Met Sally..., and Sleepless in Seattle. She won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for When Harry Met Sally.... She sometimes wrote with her sister Delia Ephron. Her last film was Julie & Julia. She also co-authored the Drama Desk Award–winning theatrical production Love, Loss, and What I Wore. In 2013, Ephron received a posthumous Tony Award nomination for Best Play for her play Lucky Guy.
/m/0crd8q6	Horrible Bosses is a 2011 black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, written by Michael Markowitz, John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein, based on a story by Markowitz. It stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day, Jason Sudeikis, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, Kevin Spacey, and Jamie Foxx. The plot follows three friends, played by Bateman, Day, and Sudeikis, who decide to murder their respective overbearing, abusive bosses, portrayed by Spacey, Aniston and Farrell.\nMarkowitz's script was bought by New Line Cinema in 2005 and the film spent six years in various states of pre-production, with a variety of actors attached to different roles. By 2010, Goldstein and Daley had rewritten the script, and the film finally went into production.\nThe film premiered in Los Angeles on June 30, 2011, and received a wide release on July 8, 2011. The film exceeded financial expectations, accruing over $28 million in the first three days to make it the number two film in the United States during its opening weekend, and going on to become the highest grossing black comedy film of all time in unadjusted dollars, breaking the record previously set by The War of the Roses in 1990. The film grossed over $209 million worldwide during its theatrical run.
/m/011ysn	The Thin Red Line is a 1998 American war film written and directed by Terrence Malick. Based on the novel by James Jones, it tells a fictionalized version of the Battle of Mount Austen, which was part of the Guadalcanal Campaign in the Pacific Theater of World War II. It portrays soldiers of C Company, 1st Battalion, 27th Infantry Regiment, 25th Infantry Division, played by Sean Penn, Jim Caviezel, Nick Nolte, Elias Koteas and Ben Chaplin. The title echoes a line from Rudyard Kipling's poem \"Tommy\", from Barrack-Room Ballads, in which he calls foot soldiers \"the thin red line of heroes\", referring to the stand of the 93rd Regiment in the Battle of Balaclava of the Crimean War.\nThe film marked Malick's return to filmmaking after a 20-year absence. It features a large ensemble cast, including performances and cameos by notable actors, including Adrien Brody, George Clooney, John Cusack, Woody Harrelson, John C. Reilly and John Travolta. Reportedly, the first assembled cut took seven months to edit and ran five hours. By the final cut, all footage of the performances by Billy Bob Thornton, Martin Sheen, Gary Oldman, Bill Pullman, Lukas Haas, Jason Patric, Viggo Mortensen, and Mickey Rourke had been removed. The film was scored by Hans Zimmer, John Powell and Klaus Badelt, and shot by John Toll. Principal photography took place in Australia in the state of Queensland.
/m/015fr	Brazil, officially the Federative Republic of Brazil, is the largest country in both South America and the Latin American region. It is the world's fifth largest country, both by geographical area and by population. It is the largest Lusophone country in the world, and the only one in the Americas.\nBounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 km. It is bordered on the north by Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname and the French overseas region of French Guiana; on the northwest by Colombia; on the west by Bolivia and Peru; on the southwest by Argentina and Paraguay and on the south by Uruguay. Numerous archipelagos form part of Brazilian territory, such as Fernando de Noronha, Rocas Atoll, Saint Peter and Paul Rocks, and Trindade and Martim Vaz. It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile and occupies 47 percent of the continent of South America.\nBrazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral in 1500, who claimed the area for Portugal. Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808, when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro after French forces led by Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Portugal. In 1815, it was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. Its independence was achieved in 1822 with the creation of the Empire of Brazil, a unitary state governed under a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary system. The country became a presidential republic in 1889, when a military coup d'état proclaimed the Republic, although the bicameral legislature, now called Congress, dates back to the ratification of the first constitution in 1824. An authoritarian military junta had led the nation from 1964 until 1985. Brazil's current Constitution, formulated in 1988, defines it as a federal republic. The Federation is composed of the union of the Federal District, the 26 States, and the 5,564 Municipalities.
/m/01msrb	Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a 1991 American adventure film directed by Kevin Reynolds. The film stars Kevin Costner as Robin Hood, Morgan Freeman as Azeem, Christian Slater as Will Scarlet, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio as Maid Marian of Dubois, and Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of Nottingham.\nThe movie was a major box office hit, making over $390 million worldwide, which made it the third highest grossing film of 1991. Rickman received the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, while the film's theme song, \" I Do It for You\", by Bryan Adams, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song.
/m/059lwy	Over the Top is a 1987 action drama film starring Sylvester Stallone. It was produced and directed by Menahem Golan, and its screenplay was written by Stirling Silliphant and Stallone. The original music score was composed by Giorgio Moroder. The main character, played by Stallone, is a long-haul truck driver who tries to win back his alienated son while becoming a champion arm wrestler.
/m/01vg0s	The University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, is a multi-campus South African public research university situated in the northern areas of central Johannesburg. It is more commonly known as Wits University. The university has its roots in the mining industry, as do Johannesburg and the Witwatersrand in general. Founded in 1896 as the South African School of Mines in Kimberley, it is the third oldest South African university in continuous operation, after the University of Cape Town, and Stellenbosch University.\nIn 1959, the Extension of University Education Act forced restricted registrations of black students for most of the apartheid era; despite this, several notable black leaders graduated from the university. It became desegregated once again prior to the abolition of apartheid in 1990. Several of apartheid's most provocative critics, of either European or African descent, were one-time students and graduates of the university.\nThe university has an enrolment of 27,934 students as of 2010, of which approximately 4,566 live on campus in the university's 18 residences. As of 2010, 67.7% of the university's total enrolment is for undergraduate study, with the remaining 32.3% being postgraduate.
/m/0j_c	Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock, KBE was an English film director and producer. He pioneered many techniques in the suspense and psychological thriller genres. After a successful career in British cinema in both silent films and early talkies, renowned as England's best director, Hitchcock moved to Hollywood in 1939 and became a US citizen in 1955.\nOver a career spanning more than half a century, Hitchcock fashioned for himself a distinctive and recognisable directorial style. He pioneered the use of a camera made to move in a way that mimics a person's gaze, forcing viewers to engage in a form of voyeurism. He framed shots to maximise anxiety, fear, or empathy, and used innovative film editing. His stories often feature fugitives on the run from the law alongside \"icy blonde\" female characters. Many of Hitchcock's films have twist endings and thrilling plots featuring depictions of violence, murder, and crime. Many of the mysteries, however, are used as decoys or \"MacGuffins\" that serve the film's themes and the psychological examinations of the characters. Hitchcock's films also borrow many themes from psychoanalysis and feature strong sexual overtones. Through his cameo appearances in his own films, interviews, film trailers, and the television program Alfred Hitchcock Presents, he became a cultural icon.
/m/092bf5	Buddhism is a nontheistic religion that encompasses a variety of traditions, beliefs and practices largely based on teachings attributed to Siddhartha Gautama, who is commonly known as the Buddha, meaning \"the awakened one\". According to Buddhist tradition, the Buddha lived and taught in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE. He is recognized by Buddhists as an awakened or enlightened teacher who shared his insights to help sentient beings end their suffering through the elimination of ignorance and craving by way of understanding and the seeing of dependent origination, with the ultimate goal of attainment of the sublime state of nirvana.\nTwo major branches of Buddhism are generally recognized: Theravada and Mahayana. Theravada has a widespread following in Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. Mahayana is found throughout East Asia and includes the traditions of Pure Land, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism, Tibetan Buddhism, Shingon, and Tiantai. In some classifications, Vajrayana—practiced mainly in Tibet and Mongolia, and adjacent parts of China and Russia—is recognized as a third branch, while others classify it as a part of Mahayana.
/m/03qjlz	Julius J. Epstein was an American screenwriter, who had a long career, best remembered for his screenplay, written with his twin brother, Philip, and others, of the film Casablanca, for which the writers won an Academy Award. It was adapted from an unpublished play, Everybody Comes to Rick's, written by Murray Bennett and Joan Alison.\nHis identical twin died in 1952, a loss Epstein felt for the rest of his life. He continued writing, receiving two more Oscar nominations. In 1998, he received a Los Angeles Film Critics Association career achievement award. His credits included Four Daughters, for which he received his first Oscar nomination, The Bride Came C.O.D., The Man Who Came to Dinner, Mr. Skeffington, The Tender Trap, Light in the Piazza, Send Me No Flowers, Pete 'n' Tillie, and Reuben, Reuben.
/m/0bs8ndx	Super is a 2010 American dark comedy superhero film written and directed by James Gunn, starring Rainn Wilson, Ellen Page, Liv Tyler, Kevin Bacon and Nathan Fillion. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in theaters in the United States on April 1, 2011 and on video on demand on April 13, 2011. The film was released unrated in U.S. theaters, and later received an R rating for its DVD/Blu-ray release.
/m/0cc56	Manhattan is the most densely populated of the five boroughs of New York City. The borough is coterminous with New York County, an original county of the U.S. state of New York. The borough mostly consists of Manhattan Island, bounded by the East, Hudson and Harlem Rivers, but also includes several small adjacent islands and a small area on the mainland. Manhattan has been described as the economic and cultural center of the United States and is home to the United Nations Headquarters. Wall Street in Lower Manhattan is one of the financial capitals of the world, has an estimated GDP of over $1.2 trillion, and is home of both the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world, and many multinational media conglomerates are based in the borough.\nNew York County is the most densely populated county in the United States, more dense than any individual American city. It is one of the most densely populated areas in the world, with a 2010 population of 1,585,873 living in a land area of 22.96 square miles, or about 69,071 residents per square mile. On business days, the influx of commuters increases that number to over 3.9 Million, or around 170,000 people per square mile. It is also one of the wealthiest counties in the United States, with a 2005 per capita income above $100,000. Manhattan is the third-largest of New York's five boroughs in population, after Brooklyn and Queens, and it is the smallest borough in land area.
/m/016ntp	Polly Jean Harvey MBE is an English musician, singer-songwriter, composer and occasional artist. Primarily known as a vocalist and guitarist, she is also proficient with a wide range of instruments including piano, organ, bass, saxophone, harmonica, and most recently, the autoharp.\nHarvey began her career in 1988 when she joined local band Automatic Dlamini as a vocalist and saxophone player. The band's frontman, John Parish, would become her long-term collaborator. In 1991, she formed an eponymous trio and subsequently began her professional career. The trio released two studio albums, Dry and Rid of Me before disbanding, after which Harvey continued as a solo artist. Since 1995, she has released a further six studio albums with collaborations from various musicians including John Parish, former bandmate Rob Ellis, Mick Harvey, and Eric Drew Feldman and has also worked extensively with record producer Flood.\nAmong the accolades she has received are the 2001 and 2011 Mercury Prize for Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea and Let England Shake respectively—the only artist to have been awarded the prize twice—eight BRIT Award nominations, six Grammy Award nominations and two further Mercury Prize nominations. Rolling Stone awarded her 1992's Best New Artist and Best Singer Songwriter and 1995's Artist of the Year, and listed Rid of Me, To Bring You My Love and Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea on its 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list. In 2011, she was awarded for Outstanding Contribution To Music at the NME Awards. In June 2013, she was awarded an MBE for services to music.
/m/0c_j9x	Murder on the Orient Express is a 1974 British mystery film directed by Sidney Lumet, starring Albert Finney as Hercule Poirot, and based on the 1934 novel Murder on the Orient Express by Agatha Christie.
/m/04z0g	Milton Friedman was an American economist, statistician, and writer who taught at the University of Chicago for more than three decades. He was a recipient of the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, and is known for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory, and the complexity of stabilization policy. As a leader of the Chicago school of economics, he profoundly influenced the research agenda of the economics profession. A survey of economists ranked Friedman as the second most popular economist of the twentieth century after John Maynard Keynes, and The Economist described him as \"the most influential economist of the second half of the 20th century...possibly of all of it.\"\nFriedman's challenges to what he later called \"naive Keynesian\" theory began with his 1950s reinterpretation of the consumption function, and he became the main advocate opposing activist Keynesian government policies. In the late 1960s he described his own approach as using \"Keynesian language and apparatus\" yet rejecting its \"initial\" conclusions. During the 1960s he promoted an alternative macroeconomic policy known as \"monetarism\". He theorized there existed a \"natural\" rate of unemployment, and argued that governments could increase employment above this rate only at the risk of causing inflation to accelerate. He argued that the Phillips curve was not stable and predicted what would come to be known as stagflation. Though opposed to the existence of the Federal Reserve, Friedman argued that, given that it does exist, a steady, small expansion of the money supply was the only wise policy.
/m/0177z	Brussels, officially the Brussels-Capital Region, is the capital and largest city of Belgium and the de facto capital of the European Union. It is also the largest urban area in Belgium, comprising 19 municipalities, including the municipality of the City of Brussels, which de jure is the capital of Belgium, in addition to the seat of the French Community of Belgium and of the Flemish Community.\nBrussels has grown from a 10th-century fortress town founded by a descendant of Charlemagne to a sizeable city. The city has a population of 1.2 million and a metropolitan area with a population of over 1.8 million, both of them the largest in Belgium. Since the end of the Second World War, Brussels has been a principal centre for international politics. Hosting principal EU institutions and the headquarters of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the city has become the home of numerous international organisations, politicians, diplomats and civil servants.\nHistorically Dutch-speaking, Brussels has seen a major shift to French since Belgian independence in 1830. Today, although the majority language is French, the city is officially bilingual. All road signs, street names, and many advertisements and services are shown in both languages. Brussels is increasingly becoming multilingual with increasing numbers of migrants, expatriates and minority groups speaking their own languages.
/m/070yzk	Justin Paul Theroux is an American actor, director and screenwriter. He is best known for his work with film director David Lynch, appearing in two of his films, Mulholland Drive and Inland Empire. He is also known as a screenwriter for films such as Tropic Thunder, Iron Man 2, and Rock of Ages. Theroux has been announced as the director of Zoolander 2.
/m/057hz	Mary Tyler Moore is an American actress, primarily known for her roles in television sitcoms. Moore is best known for The Mary Tyler Moore Show, in which she starred as Mary Richards, a 30-something single woman who worked as a local news producer in Minneapolis, and for her earlier role as Laura Petrie on The Dick Van Dyke Show. She also appeared in a number of films, most notably 1967's Thoroughly Modern Millie and 1980's Ordinary People, in which she played a role that was very different from the television characters she had portrayed, and for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress. Moore has also been active in charity work and various political causes, particularly around the issues of animal rights and Diabetes mellitus type 1. Mary Tyler Moore was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes early in the run of The Mary Tyler Moore Show, and also dealt with alcoholism, which was treated in the 1980s. In May 2011, Moore underwent elective brain surgery to remove a benign meningioma.
/m/016gp5	Reading Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Reading, that plays in the Championship. The club competed in the 2012–13 Premier League season, having gained promotion at the end of the 2011–12 season, after winning the Championship. Reading is competing in the Championship again this season having been relegated after one year back in the top flight.\nReading are nicknamed The Royals, due to Reading's location in the Royal County of Berkshire, though they were previously known as The Biscuitmen, due to the town's association with Huntley & Palmers. Established in 1871, the club is one of the oldest teams in England, but did not join The Football League until 1920, and had never played in the top tier of English football league system before the 2006–07 season.\nThe club played at Elm Park for 102 years between 1896 to 1998. The club moved in 1998 to the new Madejski Stadium, which is named after the club's chairman Sir John Madejski.\nThe club holds the record for the number of successive league wins at the start of a season, with a total of 13 wins at the start of the 1985–86 Third Division campaign and also the record for the number of points gained in a professional league season with 106 points in the 2005–06 Football League Championship campaign. Reading finished eighth in their first ever season as a top flight club.
/m/0h_9252	The 66th Annual Tony Awards was held on June 10, 2012, to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2011–2012 season. The ceremony was held at the Beacon Theatre, and was broadcast live on CBS television, with Neil Patrick Harris as the host.
/m/02c6pq	Simon Baker is an Australian actor and director. In his television acting career, he is best known for his lead role in the CBS television series The Mentalist as Patrick Jane and as Nicholas Fallin in The Guardian.\nIn his film acting career, he is best known for the lead role of Riley Denbo in Land of the Dead and Christian Thompson in the film adaptation of The Devil Wears Prada, based on the 2003 novel of the same name.
/m/02hwyss	Turkish, also referred to as Istanbul Turkish or Anatolian Turkish, is the most widely spoken of the Turkic languages, with over 63 million native speakers. Speakers are located predominantly in Turkey, with smaller groups in Germany, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Northern Cyprus, Greece, and other parts of Eastern Europe, Caucasus and Central Asia.\nThe roots of the language can be traced to the Altay region, with the first known written records dating back nearly 1,300 years. To the west, the influence of Ottoman Turkish—the variety of the Turkish language that was used as the administrative and literary language of the Ottoman Empire—spread as the Ottoman Empire expanded. In 1928, as one of Atatürk's Reforms in the early years of the Republic of Turkey, the Ottoman script was replaced with a Latin alphabet.\nThe distinctive characteristics of Turkish are vowel harmony and extensive agglutination. The basic word order of Turkish is subject–object–verb. Turkish has no noun classes or grammatical gender. Turkish has a strong T–V distinction and usage of honorifics. Turkish uses second-person pronouns that distinguish varying levels of politeness, social distance, age, courtesy or familiarity toward the addressee. The plural second-person pronoun and verb forms are used referring to a single person out of respect. On occasion, double plural second-person \"sizler\" may be used to refer to a much-respected person.
/m/02p0szs	Historical fiction is a literary genre that takes place in the past. The setting is drawn from history, and often contains historical persons. Writers of stories in this genre work to portray the manners and social conditions of the persons or time presented in the story, with attention paid to period detail.
/m/02d478	21 Grams is a 2003 American drama film directed by Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriaga. It stars Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Danny Huston, Charlotte Gainsbourg, and Benicio del Toro.\nLike Arriaga's and González Iñárritu's previous film, Amores perros, 21 Grams interweaves several plot lines, around the consequences of a tragic automobile accident. Penn plays a critically ill academic mathematician, Watts plays a grief-stricken mother, and del Toro plays a born-again Christian ex-convict whose faith is sorely tested in the aftermath of the accident.\n21 Grams is presented in a non-linear arrangement where the lives of the characters are depicted before and after the accident. The three main characters each have 'past', 'present', and 'future' story threads, which are shown as non-linear fragments that punctuate elements of the overall story, all imminently coming toward each other and coalescing as the story progresses.
/m/0646qh	Jean Passanante is an American television screenwriter best known for her work in daytime soap operas. Passanante got her start as an actress doing bit parts in the 1980s, including John Sayles's Return of the Secaucus 7. In 1985, she married writer Jack Shannon. They are still married and have one daughter, Ruth Shannon.\nShe got her start on soaps working as a staff writer on the ABC Daytime drama One Life to Live from 1992 to 1996. In 1996 she was promoted to the top position of Head Writer, only to be replaced in 1997. She remained as a staff writer until 1998, at which time she was made Co-Head Writer of the ailing soap opera Another World. Passanante wrapped up the show's 35-year run in June 1999. The next month, she relieved All My Children creator Agnes Nixon of head writing duties after Nixon was called in to temporarily replace Megan McTavish.\nPassanante's contract with All My Children expired in 2001, and she was replaced by Richard Culliton. She was then hired by CBS' As the World Turns in 2001, where she served as Co-Head Writer until she was promoted to Head Writer in early 2005; she continued in that role through the show's 2010 cancellation. In 2013, Passanante was named head writer of The Young and the Restless, working alongside Shelly Altman.
/m/086h6p	SCE Studio Liverpool was a video game development house head-quartered at Wavertree Technology Park in Liverpool, England. It was part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios. Founded in 1984 as Psygnosis by Jonathan Ellis, Ian Hetherington and David Lawson, the company later became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Computer Entertainment, and at the time of its closure employed roughly 100 individuals comprising two development teams. Mick Hocking oversaw Studio Liverpool's operations as its last Group Studio Director, a position he continues to hold within Evolution Studios.\nStudio Liverpool was the oldest and second largest development house within Sony Computer Entertainment Europe's stable of developers, and is best known for the Wipeout series of futuristic racing games, with the first instalment released on the original PlayStation in 1995. The studio is also known for the Formula One series of licensed racing games, and the Colony Wars series released on the original PlayStation. As Psygnosis, they were the original publishers of the Lemmings series.\nReports of Studio Liverpool's closure surfaced on 22 August 2012, with Edge quoting staff tweets. Staff were told the news by the vice president of Sony Worldwide Studios Europe, Michael Denny. In a press release Sony stated that after an assessment of all European studios, it had decided to close Studio Liverpool. Sony said that the Liverpool site would remain in operation, as it is home to a number of Sony World Wide Studios and SCEE Departments.
/m/06mfvc	Benjamin A. \"Ben\" Foster is an American actor. His film roles include The Laramie Project, Liberty Heights, Get Over It, Hostage, X-Men: The Last Stand, Alpha Dog, 30 Days of Night, The Messenger, Bang Bang You're Dead, The Mechanic, Contraband, Pandorum, and Lone Survivor. He received best supporting actor nominations from both the Saturn and Satellite Awards for his 2007 role in the film 3:10 to Yuma.
/m/03262k	The Russia national football team represents Russia in association football and is controlled by the Russian Football Union, the governing body for football in Russia. Russia's home grounds are Luzhniki Stadium, Lokomotiv Stadium, and Petrovsky Stadium in St.Petersburg. Russia qualified for three World Cups, will host one in 2018 and four European Championships. Euro 2008 marks the first time they have passed the group stages of a major tournament, these advances are not counting the Soviet Union national team.
/m/05v8c	The Philippines, officially known as the Republic of the Philippines, is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia situated in the western Pacific Ocean. To its north across the Luzon Strait lies Taiwan; west across the South China Sea sits Vietnam; southwest is the island of Borneo across the Sulu Sea, and to the south the Celebes Sea separates it from other islands of Indonesia; while to the east it is bounded by the Philippine Sea and the island-nation of Palau. Its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire and close to the equator make the Philippines prone to earthquakes and typhoons, but also endows it with abundant natural resources and some of the world's greatest biodiversity. At 300,000 square kilometers, the Philippines is the 64th-largest country in the world, consisting of an archipelago of 7,107 islands that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions: Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. Its capital city is Manila while its most populous city is Quezon City; both are part of Metro Manila.\nWith a population of at least 99 million people, the Philippines is the seventh-most populated country in Asia and the 12th most populated country in the world. An additional 12 million Filipinos live overseas, comprising one of the world's largest and most influential diasporas. Multiple ethnicities and cultures are found throughout the islands. In prehistoric times, Negritos were some of the archipelago's earliest inhabitants. They were followed by successive waves of Austronesian peoples who came from Malay, Indian, and Islamic states. Various nations were established under the rule of Datus, Rajahs, Sultans or Lakans. Trade with China also introduced Chinese culture and settlement, which remain present to this day.
/m/02bj22	The Santa Clause 2 is a 2002 American romantic comedy-holiday film and the sequel to the 1994 film The Santa Clause. It was filmed in the Canadian cities of Vancouver and Calgary. All the principal actors from the first film reprise their roles, except for Peter Boyle, who returns portraying a different minor character. According to Box Office Mojo, the film cost around $65 million to make and had domestic box office receipts approaching $139 million. The film was followed by a sequel, The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, made in 2006.
/m/0sydc	Broadcasting is the distribution of audio and video content to a dispersed audience via any audio or visual mass communications medium, but usually one using electromagnetic radiation. The receiving parties may include the general public or a relatively large subset thereof. Broadcasting has been used for purposes of private recreation, non-commercial exchange of messages, experimentation, self-training, and emergency communication such as amateur radio and amateur television in addition to commercial purposes like popular radio or TV stations with advertisements.
/m/06fxnf	John Powell is an English composer and conductor, best known for his scores to motion pictures. After studying at London's Trinity College of Music, Powell rose to fame in the late 1990s and 2000s, scoring numerous animated films, in addition to his live-action collaborations with directors Doug Liman and Paul Greengrass. He has been based in Los Angeles since 1997 and has composed the scores to over fifty feature films. His 2010 score for the film How to Train Your Dragon earned him his first Academy Award nomination at the 83rd Academy Awards. He was a member of Hans Zimmer's music studio, Remote Control Productions, and collaborated frequently with other composers from the studio, including Harry Gregson-Williams and Zimmer himself.
/m/0gf28	A parody, in current use, is an imitative work created to mock, comment on or trivialize an original work, its subject, author, style, or some other target, by means of satiric or ironic imitation. As the literary theorist Linda Hutcheon puts it, \"parody … is imitation, not always at the expense of the parodied text.\" Another critic, Simon Dentith, defines parody as \"any cultural practice which provides a relatively polemical allusive imitation of another cultural production or practice.\" Parody may be found in art or culture, including literature, music, animation, gaming and film.\nThe writer and critic John Gross observes in his Oxford Book of Parodies, that parody seems to flourish on territory somewhere between pastiche and burlesque. Historically, when a formula grows tired, like in the case of moralistic melodramas in the 1910s, it retains value only as a parody, as in the case of Buster Keaton shorts that mocked it.
/m/019vhk	Gangs of New York is a 2002 American historical drama film set in the mid-19th century in the Five Points district of Lower Manhattan. The film was directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian, and Kenneth Lonergan, inspired by Herbert Asbury's 1928 non-fiction book, The Gangs of New York. It was made in Cinecittà, Rome, distributed by Miramax Films and nominated for numerous awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture.\nThe film begins in 1846 but quickly jumps to 1862. The two principal issues of the era in New York were Irish immigration to the city and the Federal government's execution of the ongoing Civil War. The story follows Bill \"the Butcher\" Cutting in his roles as crime boss and political kingmaker under the helm of \"Boss\" Tweed. The film culminates in a violent confrontation between Cutting and his mob with protagonist Amsterdam Vallon and his allies, which coincides with the New York Draft Riots of 1863.
/m/01fh36	Jazz fusion, fusion, or jazz-rock are variants of a musical fusion genre that developed from mixing funk and R&B rhythms and the amplification and electronic effects of rock music, complex time signatures derived from non-Western music and extended, typically instrumental compositions with a jazz approach to lengthy group improvisations, often using wind and brass and displaying a high level of instrumental technique. It was created around the late 1960s.The term \"jazz rock\" is often used as a synonym for \"jazz fusion\" as well as for music performed by late 1960s and 1970s-era rock bands that added jazz elements to their music.\nAfter a decade of popularity during the 1970s, fusion expanded its improvisatory and experimental approaches through the 1980s and 1990s. Fusion albums, even those that are made by the same group or artist, may include a variety of styles. Rather than being a codified musical style, fusion can be viewed as a musical tradition or approach.
/m/01l_w0	The Guess Who is a Canadian rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Initially gaining recognition in Canada, the group also found international success from the late 1960s through the mid-1970s with numerous hit singles, including \"No Time\", \"American Woman\", \"These Eyes\" and \"Share the Land\". Several former members of The Guess Who, notably Burton Cummings and Randy Bachman, have also found considerable success outside the band.\nThe band was inducted into The Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1987.
/m/021vwt	Edward Kirk Herrmann is an American television and film actor. He is best known for his Emmy-nominated portrayals of Franklin D. Roosevelt on television, and to younger generations for his role as Richard Gilmore in Gilmore Girls, as a ubiquitous narrator for historical programs on the History Channel and PBS productions such as NOVA, and as the spokesman for Dodge automobiles in the 1990s.
/m/02znwv	Raoul Walsh was a film director, actor, screenwriter and film producer.
/m/0262yt	The Hugo Award for Best Novelette is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The novelette award is available for works of fiction of between 7,500 and 17,500 words; awards are also given out in the short story, novella and novel categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Novelette was first awarded in 1955, and was subsequently awarded in 1956, 1958, and 1959, lapsing in 1960. The category was reinstated for 1967 through 1969, before lapsing again in 1970; after returning in 1973, it has remained to date. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for novelettes for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, and the award presentation constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five novelettes on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/06x68	Under the Arch that signifies the Gateway to the American West, the St. Louis Cardinals have provided a Gateway to baseball excellence. From Rickey to La Russa, Hornsby to Musial, McGwire to Pujols, the Cardinals have forged a legacy of winning unmatched in the National League... seventeen pennants (most in the senior circuit), ten World Championships, nine Division Titles and thirty-seven Hall of Famers.
/m/0859_	A wind instrument is a musical instrument that contains some type of resonator, in which a column of air is set into vibration by the player blowing into a mouthpiece set at the end of the resonator. The pitch of the vibration is determined by the length of the tube and by manual modifications of the effective length of the vibrating column of air. In the case of some wind instruments, sound is produced by blowing through a reed; others require buzzing into a metal mouthpiece.
/m/01tpl1p	Cree Summer Francks, best known as Cree Summer, is a Canadian-American actress, musician and voice actress.\nShe is best known for her role as college student Winifred \"Freddie\" Brooks on the NBC sitcom A Different World. As a voice actress Summer provided the voices for Penny in Inspector Gadget during Season 1, Elmyra Duff in Tiny Toon Adventures, Susie Carmichael on Rugrats and All Grown Up, Princess Kida in Atlantis: The Lost Empire, Valerie Gray in Danny Phantom, Foxxy Love in Drawn Together, Numbuh 5 in Codename: Kids Next Door, Magma in X-Men Legends, Yvonne and Gordon in Mrs. Munger's Class, and Cleo the Poodle in Clifford the Big Red Dog. She also voices Wuya in Xiaolin Chronicles.
/m/04_tv	Management in business and organizations means to coordinate the efforts of people to accomplish goals and objectives using available resources efficiently and effectively. Management comprises planning, organizing, staffing, leading or directing, and controlling an organization or initiative to accomplish a goal. Resourcing encompasses the deployment and manipulation of human resources, financial resources, technological resources, and natural resources.\nSince organizations can be viewed as systems, management can also be defined as human action, including design, to facilitate the production of useful outcomes from a system. This view opens the opportunity to 'manage' oneself, a prerequisite to attempting to manage others.
/m/03tf_h	Lewis Gilbert CBE is a British film director, producer and screenwriter, who has directed more than 40 films during six decades; among them such varied titles as Reach for the Sky, Sink the Bismarck!, Alfie, Educating Rita and Shirley Valentine, as well as three James Bond films: You Only Live Twice, The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker.
/m/07sc6nw	Sucker Punch is a 2011 American fantasy action film directed by Zack Snyder and co-written by him and Steve Shibuya. It is Snyder's first film based on an original script. The film stars Emily Browning, Abbie Cornish, Jena Malone, Vanessa Hudgens, Jamie Chung and Carla Gugino. The storyline follows the fantasies of a young woman who is committed to a mental institution, as she makes a plan to escape the hospital before suffering a lobotomy.\nThe film was released in both conventional and IMAX theatres in the United States at midnight on March 25, 2011. The film was universally panned by critics, and under-performed box-office expectations.
/m/07s6fsf	The Master of Business Administration is a master's degree in business administration. The MBA degree originated in the United States in the late 19th century as the country industrialized and companies sought scientific approaches to management. The core courses in an MBA program introduce the various areas of business such as accounting, finance, marketing, human resources and operations management; many programs include elective courses.\nAccreditation bodies specifically for MBA programs ensure consistency and quality of education. Business schools in many countries offer programs tailored to full-time, part-time, executive, and distance learning students, with specialized concentrations.
/m/0fkbh	Kozhikode, also known as Calicut, is a city in the state of Kerala in southern India on the Malabar Coast. Kozhikode is the third largest city in Kerala and is part of the second largest urban agglomeration in Kerala with a metropolitan population of 2,030,519 as per 2011 census. The city lies about 380 kilometres north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram.\nDuring classical antiquity and the Middle Ages, Kozhikode was dubbed the \"City of Spices\" for its role as the major trading point of eastern spices. It was the capital of an independent kingdom ruled by the Samoothiris in Middle Ages and later of the erstwhile Malabar District under British rule. Arab merchants traded with the region as early as 7th century, and Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama landed at Calicut on 20 May 1498, thus opening a trade route between Europe and Malabar. A Portuguese factory and fort was intact in Kozhikode for short period, the English landed in 1615, followed by the French and the Dutch. In 1765, Mysore captured Calicut as part of its occupation of Malabar Coast. Calicut, once a famous cotton-weaving center, gave its name to the Calico cloth.
/m/04myfb7	Rutina Wesley is an American film, stage, and television actress best known for her role as Tara Thornton on the HBO series True Blood.
/m/02mt51	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American romantic science fiction thriller film about an estranged couple who have each other erased from their memories, scripted by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Michel Gondry. The film uses elements of science fiction, psychological thriller, and a nonlinear narrative to explore the nature of memory and romantic love. It opened in North America on March 19, 2004, and grossed over $70 million worldwide.\nKaufman and Gondry wrote the story with Pierre Bismuth. The ensemble cast includes Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Kirsten Dunst, Mark Ruffalo, Elijah Wood, Tom Wilkinson, Jane Adams, and David Cross.\nThe film was a critical and commercial success, winning the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and has garnered a cult following. Winslet received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.
/m/0jt90f5	Stephen Edwin King is an American author of contemporary horror, suspense, science fiction and fantasy. His books have sold more than 350 million copies and many of them have been adapted into feature films, television movies and comic books. King has published fifty novels, including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman, and five non-fiction books. He has written nearly two hundred short stories, most of which have been collected in nine collections of short fiction. Many of his stories are set in his home state of Maine.\nKing has received Bram Stoker Awards, World Fantasy Awards, British Fantasy Society Awards, his novella The Way Station was a Nebula Award novelette nominee, and his short story \"The Man in the Black Suit\" received the O. Henry Award. In 2003, the National Book Foundation awarded him the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters. He has also received awards for his contribution to literature for his entire oeuvre, such as the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement, the Canadian Booksellers Association Lifetime Achievement Award and the Grand Master Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
/m/04hpck	Richard Treat Williams is a Screen Actors Guild Award–nominated American actor and children's book author who has appeared on film, stage and television. He first became well known for his starring role in the 1979 film Hair. From 2002 to 2006, he was the star of the television series Everwood. He is also known for starring in \"The Substitute\" franchise, beginning with the 2nd movie of the series The Substitute 2.
/m/0_7z2	Easton is a city in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The city's population was 26,800 as of the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Northampton County. Easton is located at the confluence of the Delaware River and the Lehigh River, roughly 55 miles north of Philadelphia and 70 miles west of New York City.\nEaston is the easternmost city in the Lehigh Valley, a region of 731 square miles that is home to more than 800,000 people. Together with Allentown and Bethlehem, the Valley embraces the Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ metropolitan area, including Lehigh, Northampton, and Carbon counties within Pennsylvania, and Warren County in the adjacent state of New Jersey. Easton is the smallest of the three Lehigh Valley cities, with approximately one-fourth of the population of the largest Lehigh Valley city, Allentown. In turn, this metropolitan area comprises Pennsylvania's third-largest metropolitan area and the state's largest and most populous contribution to the greater New York City Metropolitan Area.\nThe city is split up into four sections: Historic Downtown, which lies directly to the north of the Lehigh River, to the west of the Delaware River, continuing west to Sixth Street; The West Ward, which lies between Sixth and Fifteenth Streets; The South Side, which lies south of the Lehigh River; and College Hill, a neighborhood on the hills to the north which is the home of Lafayette College. The boroughs of Wilson, West Easton, and Glendon are also directly adjacent to the city; the first and largest of which, Wilson, partially aligns in the same North-South Grid as the city of Easton.
/m/03q45x	Amy Meredith Poehler is an American actress, comedian, voice artist, producer and writer. Raised in Burlington, Massachusetts, she graduated from Boston College in 1993 and moved to Chicago, Illinois, to study improv at The Second City and ImprovOlympic. In 1996, she moved to New York City after becoming part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade, which later developed into an eponymous television show that aired on Comedy Central for three seasons. Poehler was also one of the founding members of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in 1999.\nPoehler was a cast member on the NBC television show Saturday Night Live from 2001 to 2008. In 2004, she became the co-anchor of the Weekend Update sketch along with her friend and colleague Tina Fey. Poehler's work on SNL earned her two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. Since 2009, she has starred as Leslie Knope in the sitcom Parks and Recreation, and received the 2014 Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Musical or Comedy Series. She is also an eight-time Emmy Award nominee.
/m/0p_qr	Coming Home is a 1978 drama film directed by Hal Ashby and starring Jane Fonda, Jon Voight and Bruce Dern. The screenplay by Waldo Salt and Robert C. Jones was from a story by Nancy Dowd. The plot follows a love triangle among a young woman, her Marine husband and the paralyzed Vietnam War veteran she meets while her husband is overseas. Fonda and Voight won Academy Awards for their performances.
/m/0lwyk	Boise State University is a public research institution located in downtown Boise, Idaho, an urbanizing and growing capital city that is the State's center of government, business, technology and health care.\nFounded in 1932 by the Episcopal Church, the university became an independent institution in 1934, and has been awarding baccalaureate and master degrees since 1965. With nearly 23,000 students, Boise State has the largest enrollment of higher education institutions in the state of Idaho.\nBoise State offers 201 degrees in 190 fields of study and has more than 100 graduate programs, including the MBA and MAcc programs in the College of Business and Economics; Masters and PhD programs in the Colleges of Engineering, Arts & Sciences, and Education; and the MPA program in the College of Social Sciences & Public Affairs.\nThe university's athletic teams, the Broncos, participate in NCAA Division I athletics as a member of the Mountain West Conference for most sports. The Wrestling team is an associate member of the Pacific-12 Conference, since the MWC does not sponsor the sport.
/m/04p5cr	House is an American television medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The show's main character is Dr. Gregory House, a drug-addicted, unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who leads a team of diagnosticians at the fictional Princeton–Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in New Jersey. The show′s premise originated with Paul Attanasio, while David Shore, who is credited as creator, was primarily responsible for the conception of the title character. The show′s executive producers include Shore, Attanasio, Attanasio′s business partner Katie Jacobs, and film director Bryan Singer. It was filmed largely in Century City.\nHouse often clashes with his fellow physicians, including his own diagnostic team, because many of his hypotheses about patients' illnesses are based on subtle or controversial insights. His flouting of hospital rules and procedures frequently leads him into conflict with his boss, hospital administrator and Dean of Medicine Dr. Lisa Cuddy. House's only true friend is Dr. James Wilson, head of the Department of Oncology. During the first three seasons, House's diagnostic team consists of Dr. Robert Chase, Dr. Allison Cameron, and Dr. Eric Foreman. At the end of the third season, this team disbands. Rejoined by Foreman, House gradually selects three new team members: Dr. Remy \"Thirteen\" Hadley, Dr. Chris Taub, and Dr. Lawrence Kutner. Kutner makes his final appearance late in season five. Chase and Cameron continue to appear in different roles at the hospital until early in season six. Cameron then departs the hospital, and Chase returns to the diagnostic team. Thirteen takes a leave of absence for most of season seven, and her position is filled by medical student Martha M. Masters. Cuddy and Masters depart before season eight; Foreman becomes the new dean of medicine, while Dr. Jessica Adams and Dr. Chi Park join House's team.
/m/09yrh	Jennifer Joanna Aniston is an American actress, film director, and producer. She gained worldwide recognition for portraying Rachel Green on the television sitcom Friends, a role which earned her an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. In 2012, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Additionally, Men's Health magazine voted Aniston the \"Sexiest Woman of All Time\".\nAniston has also enjoyed a successful film career. Her greatest box office hits include Bruce Almighty, The Break-Up, Marley & Me, Just Go with It, Horrible Bosses and We're the Millers, all of which have grossed over $100 million in the United States. One of her most critically acclaimed roles was in The Good Girl, for which she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead. She is the co-founder of the production company Echo Films.
/m/08304	William Morris was an English textile designer, artist, writer, and socialist associated with the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and English Arts and Crafts Movement. He founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones, and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti which profoundly influenced the decoration of churches and houses into the early 20th century. As an author, illustrator and medievalist, he helped to establish the modern fantasy genre, and was a direct influence on postwar authors such as J. R. R. Tolkien. He was also a major contributor to reviving traditional textile arts and methods of production, and one of the founders of the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings, now a statutory element in the preservation of historic buildings in the UK.\nMorris wrote and published poetry, fiction, and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life. His best-known works include The Defence of Guenevere and Other Poems, The Earthly Paradise, A Dream of John Ball, the utopian News from Nowhere, and the fantasy romance The Well at the World's End. He was an important figure in the emergence of socialism in Britain, founding the Socialist League in 1884, but breaking with that organization over goals and methods by the end of the decade. He devoted much of the rest of his life to the Kelmscott Press, which he founded in 1891. Kelmscott was devoted to the publishing of limited-edition, illuminated-style print books. The 1896 Kelmscott edition of the Works of Geoffrey Chaucer is considered a masterpiece of book design.
/m/03x3l	The Isle of Wight, known to the ancient Romans as Vectis, is a county and the largest island of England, located in the English Channel, on average about 3 to 5 mi off the coast of Hampshire, separated from Great Britain by a strait called the Solent. It has the distinction of being England's smallest county during high tide, while Rutland is the smallest when Wight is at low tide. The island has several resorts which have been holiday destinations since Victorian times.\nIts history includes a brief status as an independent kingdom in the 15th century. Until 1995, like Jersey and Guernsey, the island had a Governor.\nHome to the poets Swinburne and Tennyson and to Queen Victoria, who built her much-loved summer residence and final home Osborne House at East Cowes, the island has a maritime and industrial tradition such as boat building, sail making, the manufacture of flying boats, the world's first hovercraft and the testing and development of Britain's space rockets. The Isle hosts annual festivals including the Isle of Wight International Jazz Festival, Bestival and the recently revived Isle of Wight Festival, which, in 1970, was the largest rock music event ever held. The island has well-conserved wildlife and some of the richest cliffs and quarries for dinosaur fossils in Europe.
/m/0bq2g	Gwyneth Kate Paltrow is an American actress, singer, and food writer. She made her acting debut on stage in 1990 and started appearing in films in 1991. After appearing in several films throughout the decade, Paltrow gained early notice for her work in films such as Seven and Emma.\nFollowing the films Sliding Doors and A Perfect Murder, Paltrow garnered worldwide recognition through her performance in Shakespeare in Love, for which she won an Academy Award for Best Actress, a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards, for Outstanding Lead Actress and as a member of the Outstanding Cast. She also won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2011 for her role as Holly Holliday on the Fox hit TV show Glee in the episode \"The Substitute\". In April 2013, Gwyneth was named \"Most Beautiful Woman\" by People Magazine.\nPaltrow has portrayed supporting as well as lead roles in films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Royal Tenenbaums, Shallow Hal, and Proof, for which she earned a Golden Globe nomination as Best Actress in Motion Picture Drama. Since 2008 she has portrayed Pepper Potts, the love interest of Iron Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, in Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, and Iron Man 3. Paltrow has been the face of Estée Lauder's Pleasures perfume since 2005.
/m/0l2tk	Brigham Young University is a private university located in Provo, Utah, United States. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and, excluding online students, is the largest religious university and one of the largest private universities in the U.S., with 34,000 on-campus students.\nApproximately 98% of the university's 34,000 students are members of the LDS Church, and one-third of its American students come from within the state of Utah. BYU students are required to follow an honor code, which mandates behavior in line with LDS teachings. Many students take a two-year hiatus from their studies at some point to serve as Mormon missionaries. Many BYU students speak foreign languages during their Mormon missions, and approximately 31% of the student body enroll in foreign language courses, making it one of the most multilingual student bodies in the United States. A BYU education is also less expensive than at similar private universities, since \"a significant portion\" of the cost of operating the university is paid from tithing funds.
/m/027s39y	WALL-E is a 2008 American CGI science-fiction romantic comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed by Andrew Stanton. The story follows a robot named WALL-E, who is designed to clean up a waste-covered Earth far in the future. He falls in love with another robot named EVE, who also has a programmed task, and follows her into outer space on an adventure that changes the destiny of both his kind and humanity. Both robots exhibit an appearance of free will and emotions similar to humans, which develop further as the film progresses.\nAfter directing Finding Nemo, Stanton felt Pixar had created believable simulations of underwater physics and was willing to direct a film set largely in space. Most of the characters do not have actual human voices, but instead communicate with body language and robotic sounds, designed by Ben Burtt, that resemble voices. It is also Pixar's first animated feature with segments featuring live-action characters.\nWalt Disney Pictures released WALL-E in the United States and Canada on June 27, 2008. It grossed $23.2 million on its opening day, and $63.1 million during its opening weekend in 3,992 theaters, ranking number one at the box office. This ranks as the fifth highest-grossing opening weekend for a Pixar film. Following Pixar tradition, WALL-E was paired with a short film, Presto, for its theatrical release.
/m/01_k0d	Grant Morrison, MBE is a Scottish comic book writer, playwright and occultist. He is known for his nonlinear narratives and countercultural leanings in his runs on titles including DC Comics' Animal Man, Batman, JLA, The Invisibles, Action Comics, All-Star Superman, and Doom Patrol, and Marvel Comics' New X-Men and Fantastic Four.
/m/0jrny	Christopher D'Olier Reeve was an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, author and activist. He achieved stardom for his acting achievements, in particular his motion-picture portrayal of the DC comic book superhero, Superman.\nOn May 27, 1995, Reeve became a quadriplegic after being thrown from a horse during an equestrian competition in Culpeper, Virginia. He required a wheelchair and breathing apparatus for the rest of his life. He lobbied on behalf of people with spinal-cord injuries and for human embryonic stem cell research, founding the Christopher Reeve Foundation and co-founding the Reeve-Irvine Research Center.\nReeve married Dana Morosini in April 1992. Christopher and Dana's son, William Elliot Reeve, was born on June 7, 1992. Reeve also had two children, Matthew Exton Reeve and Alexandra Exton Reeve, from his previous relationship with his longtime girlfriend, Gae Exton.
/m/02ply6j	Dev Patel is a British actor, best known for playing Jamal Malik in Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire, for which he won a number of awards, including a Critics' Choice Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Patel is also known for his role as Anwar Kharral, a British Pakistani Muslim teenager in Skins; as Sonny Kapoor in The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel; and as Neal Sampat in Aaron Sorkin's HBO show The Newsroom.
/m/04257b	Seongnam FC is a South Korean professional football club, based in Seongnam, South Korea, Seongnam is satellite city of Seoul, 28 km away. Seongnam plays in the K League Classic. Founded as Ilhwa Chunma Football Club in 1989, the club is the most successful in Korean football, having won a record 7 League titles, 2 FA Cups, 3 League Cups, and 2 AFC Champions League titles.\nSeongnam placed 5th in the IFFHS Asian Club of the 20th Century.\nIn 2014, the club was bought by the city of Seongnam and was officially renamed Seongnam FC
/m/01jpqb	University of Nevada-Las Vegas is a public research university located in the Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada, USA. The 337-acre campus is located approximately 1.5-mile east of the Las Vegas Strip. The institution includes the Shadow Lane Campus, located just east of the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada, which houses the UNLV School of Dental Medicine, the only dental school in the state of Nevada. In addition, UNLV's law school, the William S. Boyd School of Law, is the only law school in the state. The university has been deemed a \"research-intensive university\" by The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The William F. Harrah College of Hotel Administration is annually ranked among the top hospitality programs in the United States due to the university's proximity to the Las Vegas Strip. Its famed Thomas & Mack Center hosted the 2007 NBA All-Star Game, concerts, as well as lectures by Bill Clinton and Mikhail Gorbachev as part of various UNLV-affiliated lecture series.
/m/0gwjw0c	Django Unchained is a 2012 American western film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, who made the film as a very stylized variation of the \"spaghetti western\" – but primarily taking place in America's pre-Civil War South. The film stars Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, and Samuel L. Jackson, and was released December 25, 2012, in North America.\nThe story is set in early winter and then spring, during the antebellum era of the Deep South with preliminary scenes taking place in Old West Texas. The film follows an African-American slave, and an English-speaking, German bounty hunter posing as a traveling dentist, named Dr. Schultz. In exchange for helping Dr. Schultz collect a large bounty on three outlaws that he has never seen – but Django has, while being trafficked – Dr. Schultz buys and then promises to free Django after they catch the outlaws the following spring. Dr. Schultz also promises to teach Django bounty hunting, and split the bounties with him, if Django assists him in hunting down other outlaws throughout the winter, on the way south. Django agrees – on the condition that they also locate and free his long-lost wife from her cruel plantation owner.
/m/092j54	The 2003 NFL Draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. The draft is known officially as the \"NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting\" and has been conducted annually since 1936. The draft was held April 26–27, 2003 at the Theatre at Madison Square Garden. The league also held a supplemental draft after the regular draft and before the regular season.\nThe draft was broadcast on ESPN and ESPN2 beginning at noon on Saturday, April 26 and beginning at 11:00 am on Sunday, April 27. The draft consisted of seven rounds, with teams selecting in the reverse order of the finish the previous season. There were 32 compensatory picks distributed among 15 teams, with five teams each receiving four additional selections. In addition, the Houston Texans, who started play as an expansion franchise the previous season, were granted a supplemental selection in the middle of each of the draft's final five rounds.\nThere was little drama when the draft began with the Cincinnati Bengals selecting Carson Palmer, as Palmer had agreed to contract terms with the Bengals the previous day. He became the first Heisman Trophy winner selected first overall in the draft since Vinny Testaverde in 1987. The event ended nearly 30 hours later with Ryan Hoag being chosen by the Oakland Raiders with the final pick and thus gaining the distinction of \"Mr. Irrelevant\".
/m/095b70	Isaiah Washington IV is an American actor. A veteran of several Spike Lee films, Washington is best known for his role as Dr. Preston Burke on the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy from 2005 until 2007.
/m/05hks	Nicholas II was the last Emperor of Russia, Grand Duke of Finland, and titular King of Poland. His official short title was Nicholas II, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias. Like other Russian Emperors he is commonly known by the monarchical title Tsar. He is known as Saint Nicholas the Passion-Bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church and has been referred to as Saint Nicholas the Martyr.\nNicholas II ruled from 1 November 1894 until his forced abdication on 2 March 1917. His reign saw Imperial Russia go from being one of the foremost great powers of the world to economic and military collapse. Enemies nicknamed him Bloody Nicholas because of the Khodynka Tragedy, the anti-Semitic pogroms, Bloody Sunday, his violent suppression of the 1905 Revolution, his execution of political opponents, and his pursuit of military campaigns on an unprecedented scale.\nUnder his rule, Russia was humiliatingly defeated in the Russo-Japanese War, which saw the almost total annihilation of the Russian Baltic Fleet at the Battle of Tsushima. The Anglo-Russian Entente, designed to counter German attempts to gain influence in the Middle East, ended the Great Game between Russia and the United Kingdom. As head of state, Nicholas approved the Russian mobilisation of August 1914, which marked the beginning of Russia's involvement in the First World War, a war in which 3.3 million Russians were killed. The Imperial Army's severe losses and the High Command's incompetent handling of the war, along with other policies directed by Nicholas during his reign, are often cited as the leading causes of the fall of the Romanov dynasty.
/m/09jwl	A musician is a person who is talented in making music or performing music creatively, or one who composes, conducts, or performs music.\nMusicians can specialize in any musical style, and some musicians play in a variety of different styles. Examples of a musician's possible skills include conducting, singing, composing, arranging, and the orchestration of music.
/m/0hsb3	The London School of Economics and Political Science is a public research university specialised in social sciences located in London, United Kingdom, and a constituent college of the federal University of London. Founded in 1895 by Fabian Society members Sidney Webb, Beatrice Webb, Graham Wallas and George Bernard Shaw, LSE joined the University of London in 1900 and first issued degrees to its students in 1902. Despite its name, LSE conducts teaching and research across a range of social sciences, as well as in mathematics, statistics, philosophy and history.\nLSE is located in Westminster, central London, near the boundary between Covent Garden and Holborn in an area historically known as Clare Market. It has around 9,500 full-time students and just over 3,000 staff and had a total income of £263.2 million in 2012/13, of which £23.7 million was from research grants. The School is organised into 24 academic departments and 19 research centres. LSE's library, the British Library of Political and Economic Science, contains over 4 million print volumes, 60,000 online journals and 29,000 electronic books. The Digital Library contains digitised material from LSE Library collections and also born-digital material that has been collected and preserved in digital formats.
/m/016ks_	James Howard Woods is an American film, stage, and television actor. After his first Golden Globe nomination for a breakthrough role in The Onion Field, Woods starred in Once Upon a Time in America, the Oliver Stone films Salvador and Nixon, Ghosts of Mississippi, and in the legal series Shark. He has won three Emmy Awards – for television movies Promise and My Name Is Bill W., and for the animated series Hercules. He has been nominated twice for an Academy Award. His voice work has been heard in the animated series The Simpsons, Family Guy, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, and in films Stuart Little 2 and Disney's Hercules.
/m/0gkr9q	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series is an Emmy presented to the best directing of a television drama series.
/m/09yhzs	Emily Jean \"Emma\" Stone is an American actress and model. In 2007, she starred in the short-lived Fox action drama Drive as Violet Trimble, and made her feature film debut in the comedy Superbad. She has co-starred in The House Bunny, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past, Zombieland, and Paper Man. In 2010, Stone voiced Mazie in Marmaduke, and played the lead role in the comedy Easy A for which she received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. In 2011, she co-starred in Crazy, Stupid, Love. and The Help. In 2012, Stone co-starred as Gwen Stacy in The Amazing Spider-Man, a reboot of the Spider-Man film series. In 2013, she co-starred in Gangster Squad, and voiced Eep in the animated film The Croods. Stone is set to reprise her role of Gwen Stacy in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
/m/03cn92	Margaret JoBeth Williams is an American film, television and stage actress and director. She rose to prominence appearing in such films as Stir Crazy, Poltergeist, The Big Chill, The Day After, Teachers and Poltergeist II: The Other Side. She has also performed in numerous other roles. She has been nominated for Oscar, Golden Globe and Emmy Awards. Williams is the current president of the Screen Actors Guild Foundation.
/m/0164y7	Frank Henry Loesser was an American songwriter who wrote the lyrics and music to the Broadway hits Guys and Dolls and How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying, among others. He won separate Tony Awards for the music and lyrics in both shows, as well as sharing the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the latter. He also wrote numerous songs for films and Tin Pan Alley, many of which have become standards, and was nominated for five Academy Awards for best song, winning once, for \"Baby, It's Cold Outside\".
/m/01s0l0	Salman Khan is an Indian actor, producer, television presenter, and philanthropist. He is the son of actor and screenwriter Salim Khan, Khan began his acting career with Biwi Ho To Aisi but it was his second film Maine Pyar Kiya in which he acted in a lead role that garnered him the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. Khan has starred in several commercially successful films, such as Saajan, Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!, Karan Arjun, Judwaa, Pyar Kiya To Darna Kya, Biwi No.1, and Hum Saath Saath Hain, having appeared in the highest grossing film nine separate years during his career, a record that remains unbroken.\nIn 1999, Khan won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his extended guest appearance in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai. In 2011, he won the Screen Award for Best Actor for his performance in Dabangg and in 2013, he won the Best Actor Popular Choice for his performances in Ek Tha Tiger and Dabangg 2. Eight of the films he has acted in, have accumulated gross earnings of over 1 billion worldwide. He played leading roles in five consecutive blockbusters namely Dabangg, Ready, Bodyguard, Ek Tha Tiger, and Dabangg 2. He has starred in more than 80 Hindi films and thus far has established himself as a leading actor of Hindi cinema.
/m/02vjzr	Adult contemporary music is a style of music, ranging from 1960s vocal and 1970s soft rock music to predominantly ballad-heavy music of the present day, with varying degrees of easy listening, soul, rhythm and blues, and rock influence. Adult contemporary is rather a continuation of the easy listening and soft rock style that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s with some adjustments that reflect the evolution of pop/rock music.\nAdult contemporary tends to have lush, soothing and highly polished qualities where emphasis on melody and harmonies is accentuated. It is usually melodic enough to get a listener's attention, and is inoffensive and pleasurable enough to work well as background music. Like most of pop music, its songs tend to be written in a basic format employing a verse-chorus structure.\nAdult contemporary is heavy on romantic ballads which mostly use acoustic instruments such as acoustic guitars, pianos, saxophones, and sometimes an orchestral set. The electric guitars are normally faint and high-pitched. However, recent adult contemporary music may usually feature synthesizers.
/m/0dtzkt	Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man is a 2005 film by Lian Lunson about the life and career of Leonard Cohen. It is based on a January 2005 tribute show at the Sydney Opera House titled \"Came So Far for Beauty\", which was produced by Hal Willner. Performers at this show included Nick Cave, Jarvis Cocker, The Handsome Family, Beth Orton, Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright, Teddy Thompson, Linda Thompson, Antony, Kate and Anna McGarrigle, with Cohen's former back-up singers Perla Batalla and Julie Christensen as special guests. The end of the film includes a performance by Leonard Cohen and U2, which was not recorded live, but filmed specifically for the film, in New York in May 2005.\nThe film premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September 2005, and was released the same month in Canada by Lions Gate films along with the Sundance Channel. It was subsequently released in various other countries during 2006 and 2007. The film is distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. A soundtrack CD is also available from Verve.\nThe DVD of the film contains extra performances.
/m/021s9n	Stanford Law School is a graduate school at Stanford University located in the area known as the Silicon Valley, near Palo Alto, California in the United States. The Law School was established in 1893 when former President Benjamin Harrison joined the faculty as the first professor of law. It is currently ranked as the second-best law school in the United States by the U.S. News and World Report, tied with Harvard Law School behind Yale Law School.\nIt employs more than 80 faculty and hosts over 500 students who are working towards their Juris Doctor or other graduate legal degrees such as the Master of Laws and the Doctor of the Science of Law. It has an average class size of just 170, giving Stanford Law School the smallest student body of any law school in the top 15 of the U.S. News & World Report annual ranking. It also maintains the nation's first Supreme Court litigation clinic.\nStanford Law graduates include several of the first women to occupy Chief Justice or Associate Justice posts on supreme courts: current Chief Justice of New Zealand Sian Elias, retired U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, and the late Chief Justice of Washington Barbara Durham. Other justices of supreme courts who graduated from Stanford Law include the late Chief Justice of the United States William Rehnquist, current Montana Supreme Court Justice Brian Morris, retired Chief Justice of California Ronald M. George, retired California Supreme Court Justice Carlos R. Moreno, and the late California Supreme Court Justice Frank K. Richardson.
/m/05vz3zq	The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics abbreviated to USSR or the Soviet Union, was a socialist state on the Eurasian continent that existed between 1922 and 1991, governed as a single-party state by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital. A union of multiple subnational Soviet republics, its government and economy were highly centralized.\nThe Soviet Union had its roots in the Russian Revolution of 1917, which deposed the imperial autocracy. The majority faction of the Social Democratic Labour Party, led by Vladimir Lenin, then led a second revolution which overthrew the provisional government and established the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic, beginning a civil war between pro-revolution Reds and counter-revolution Whites. The Red Army entered several territories of the former Russian Empire and organized workers and peasants into soviets under Communist leadership. In 1922, the Communists were victorious, forming the Soviet Union with the unification of the Russian, Transcaucasian, Ukrainian, and Byelorussian republics. Following Lenin's death in 1924, a troika collective leadership and a brief power struggle, Joseph Stalin came to power in the mid-1920s. Stalin committed the state ideology to Marxism–Leninism and initiated a centrally planned economy. As a result, the country underwent a period of rapid industrialisation and collectivisation which laid the basis for its later war effort and dominance after World War II. In the wake of the spread of fascism through Europe, Stalin repressed both Communist Party members and elements of the population by creating an atmosphere of political paranoia and establishing a system of correctional labour camps.
/m/01m1zk	Stamford is a city in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. According to the 2010 census, the population of the city is 122,643. As of July 1, 2012, according to the Census Bureau, the population of Stamford had risen to 125,109, making it the third largest city in the state and the seventh largest city in New England. Approximately 30 miles from Manhattan, Stamford is in the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk Metro area which is a part of the Greater New York metropolitan area.\nStamford is home to four Fortune 500 Companies, nine Fortune 1000 Companies, and 13 Courant 100 Companies, as well as numerous divisions of large corporations. This gives Stamford the largest financial district in New York Metro outside New York City itself and one of the largest concentrations of corporations in the nation.
/m/0c00zd0	Larry Crowne is a 2011 American romantic comedy film starring Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts. The film was produced and directed by Hanks, who co-wrote its screenplay with Nia Vardalos. Larry Crowne was released on July 1, 2011 in the United States and Canada.
/m/06kbb6	Stirling Dale Silliphant was an American screenwriter and producer. His father, Sterling Silliphant, was a Canadian who immigrated to the United States in 1911, becoming a U.S. citizen in 1916. His mother was Ethel M. Silliphant. He had one brother, Leigh, who was three years younger.\nBorn in Detroit, Michigan, his family moved to Glendale, California when he was a child. He graduated from Hoover High School, and was educated at the University of Southern California. He may be best known for his screenplay for In the Heat of the Night and co-creating the television series Route 66. Other features as screenwriter include the Irwin Allen productions The Towering Inferno and The Poseidon Adventure, adapting both films from previously published novels. In the case of The Towering Inferno, he was tasked with blending two entirely unrelated novels into a single screenplay.\nHe was a close friend of Bruce Lee, under whom he studied martial arts. Lee was featured in the Silliphant-penned detective movie Marlowe and four episodes of the series Longstreet. Silliphant reportedly recommended Lee for action choreography work. They had been working on a philosophical martial arts script, The Silent Flute, which was star Lee and James Coburn, and the pre-production even went to the extent of all three going to India on a location hunt.
/m/0cm2xh	World War I, also known as the First World War, was a global war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918. From the time of its occurrence until the approach of World War II, it was called simply the World War or the Great War, and thereafter the First World War or World War I. In America, it was initially called the European War. More than 9 million combatants were killed; a casualty rate exacerbated by the belligerents' technological and industrial sophistication, and tactical stalemate. It was the 5th-deadliest conflict in history, paving the way for major political changes, including revolutions in many of the nations involved.\nThe war drew in all the world's economic great powers, which were assembled in two opposing alliances: the Allies and the Central Powers of Germany and Austria-Hungary. Although Italy had also been a member of the Triple Alliance alongside Germany and Austria-Hungary, it did not join the Central Powers, as Austria-Hungary had taken the offensive against the terms of the alliance. These alliances were both reorganised and expanded as more nations entered the war: Italy, Japan and the United States joined the Allies, and the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria the Central Powers. Ultimately, more than 70 million military personnel, including 60 million Europeans, were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history.
/m/011yd2	Apollo 13 is a 1995 American historical docudrama film directed by Ron Howard. The film stars Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise, and Ed Harris. The screenplay by William Broyles, Jr. and Al Reinert, that dramatizes the aborted 1970 Apollo 13 lunar mission, is an adaptation of the book Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13 by astronaut Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger.\nThe film depicts astronauts Lovell, Jack Swigert and Fred Haise aboard Apollo 13 for America's third Moon landing mission. En route, an on-board explosion deprives their spacecraft of most of its oxygen supply and electric power, forcing NASA's flight controllers to abort the Moon landing, and turning the mission into a struggle to get the three men home safely.\nHoward went to great lengths to create a technically accurate movie, employing NASA's technical assistance in astronaut and flight controller training for his cast, and even obtaining permission to film scenes aboard a reduced gravity aircraft for realistic depiction of the \"weightlessness\" experienced by the astronauts in space.\nReleased in the United States on June 30, 1995, Apollo 13 garnered critical acclaim and was nominated for many awards, including nine Academy Awards. In total, the film grossed over $355 million worldwide during its theatrical releases.
/m/02k1pr	The Poseidon Adventure is a 1972 American action-adventure disaster film, directed by Ronald Neame, produced by Irwin Allen, and based on Paul Gallico's novel of the same name. The film features an all-star cast, including five Academy Award winners: Gene Hackman, Ernest Borgnine, Jack Albertson, Shelley Winters, and Red Buttons. The cast also includes Carol Lynley, Stella Stevens, Roddy McDowall, Leslie Nielsen, and in an early screen role, Pamela Sue Martin. It won a Special Achievement Academy Award for Visual Effects and an Academy Award for Best Original Song. Shelley Winters won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role. It also received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.\nThe plot centers on the SS Poseidon, an aged luxury liner from the golden age of travel, on her final voyage from New York City to Athens before being sent to the scrapyard. On New Year's Eve, she is overturned by a tsunami caused by an underwater earthquake. Passengers and crew are trapped inside, and a rebellious preacher attempts to lead a small group of survivors to safety.
/m/0h6l4	Plainfield is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population increased to 49,808, the highest ever recorded population in any decennial census, with the population having increased by 1,979 from the 47,829 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,262 from the 46,567 counted in the 1990 Census. Plainfield is nicknamed \"The Queen City\".\nPlainfield was originally formed as a township on April 5, 1847, from portions of Westfield Township, while the area was still part of Essex County. On March 19, 1857, it became part of the newly created Union County.\nPlainfield was incorporated as a city by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 21, 1869, from portions of Plainfield Township, based on the results of a referendum held that same day. The city and township coexisted until March 6, 1878, when Plainfield Township was dissolved and parts were absorbed by Plainfield city, with the remainder becoming Fanwood Township.
/m/018phr	Martie Maguire is an American musician who is a founding member of the female alternative country band, the Dixie Chicks. She won awards in national fiddle championships while still a teenager. Maguire is accomplished on several other instruments, including the mandolin, viola, double bass and guitar. She has written and co-written a number of the band's songs, some of which have become chart-topping hits. She also contributes her skills in vocal harmony and backing vocals, as well as orchestrating string arrangements for the band.\nMaguire learned several instruments at a young age, honing her skills with her younger sister, Emily Robison and two schoolmates for over five years as a part of a touring bluegrass quartet while in high school. After graduation, the sisters forged an alliance with two other women they had met through the Dallas music scene, Laura Lynch and Robin Lynn Macy, forming a bluegrass and country music band, busking and touring the bluegrass festival circuits for six years. After the departure of Macy, and the replacement of Lynch with singer Natalie Maines, the band widened their musical repertoire and appearance. The result was a trio so commercially successful that it took the country music industry by surprise, with a number of hit songs, albums, and awards that have set records in the music industry. Maguire subsequently stood by her bandmates as they were engulfed in political controversy.
/m/0c_n9	The Pulitzer Prize in Poetry is one of the six American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It has been presented since 1922 for a distinguished volume of original verse by an American author, published during the preceding calendar year.\nFinalists have been announced from 1980, ordinarily two others beside the winner.
/m/018qb4	The 1908 Summer Olympics, officially the Games of the IV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was held in 1908 in London, England, United Kingdom. These games were originally scheduled to be held in Rome, but were re-located on financial grounds following a disastrous eruption of Mt Vesuvius in 1906. They were the fourth chronological modern Olympic Games in keeping with the now-accepted four-year cycle as opposed to the proposed Intercalated Games alternate four-year cycle. The IOC president for these Games was Baron Pierre de Coubertin. Lasting a total of 187 days, or 6 months and 4 days, these games were the longest in modern Olympics history.
/m/026dx	David Keith Lynch is an American film director, television director, visual artist, musician and occasional actor. Known for his surrealist films, he has developed his own unique cinematic style, which has been dubbed \"Lynchian\", a style characterized by its dream imagery and meticulous sound design. The surreal, and in many cases, violent, elements contained within his films have been known to \"disturb, offend or mystify\" audiences.\nBorn to a middle-class family in Missoula, Montana, Lynch spent his childhood traveling around the United States, before going on to study painting at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, where he first made the transition to producing short films. Deciding to devote himself more fully to this medium, he moved to Los Angeles, where he produced his first motion picture, the surrealist horror Eraserhead. After Eraserhead became a cult classic on the midnight movie circuit, Lynch was employed to direct The Elephant Man, from which he gained mainstream success. Then being employed by the De Laurentiis Entertainment Group, he proceeded to make two films: the science-fiction epic Dune, which proved to be a critical and commercial failure, and then a neo-noir crime film, Blue Velvet, which was critically acclaimed.
/m/09_b4	Freestyle skiing is a form of skiing which originally encompassed three disciplines: aerials, moguls, and ski ballet. Today, freestyle skiing consists of aerials, moguls, ski cross, ski half-pipe and slopestyle as part of the Olympics.\nFreestyle skiing first began to be contested seriously in the 1960s and early 1970s, when it was often known as \"hot-dogging.\" Bob Burns, who later went on to create The Ski brand skis, pioneered this style in Sun Valley, Idaho, beginning in 1965.\nIn the late 1960s other followers of the style included Wayne Wong, Flying Eddie Ferguson, Chico and Cokie Schuler and their mentor Chris Flanagan also, Roger Evans, John Clendenin, Hermann Goellner and Tom Leroy. Some people thought that this style of skiing was too dangerous and did not want it to be an Olympic sport. The free-form sport had few rules and was not without danger; knee injuries became a common phenomenon for professional freestylers.\nThe International Ski Federation recognized freestyle as a sport in 1979 and brought in new regulations regarding certification of athletes and jump techniques in an effort to curb the dangerous elements of the competitions. The first World Cup series was staged in 1980 and the first World Championships took place in 1986 in Tignes, France. Freestyle skiing was a demonstration event at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. Mogul skiing was added as an official medal event at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, and the aerials event was added for the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer.
/m/01hkhq	Dame Helen Lydia Mirren, DBE, is an English actor. Mirren has won an Academy Award for Best Actress, four BAFTAs, three Golden Globes, four Emmy Awards, and two Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Awards. In 2003, she received a damehood for services to the performing arts at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.\nMirren began her acting career with the Royal Shakespeare Company in the latter half of the 1960s. From her very first film appearances, Mirren displayed the overtly sensual screen persona that would become her trademark. Other early movies included O Lucky Man!, Excalibur and The Long Good Friday.\nDuring her career, she has portrayed three British queens in different films and television series: Elizabeth I in the television series Elizabeth I, for which she received Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress, Elizabeth II in The Queen, which won her the Academy and BAFTA Award for Best Actress, and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz in The Madness of King George, for which she earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She is the only actress ever to have portrayed both Queens Elizabeth on the screen.
/m/0n_hp	Blow is a 2001 American biopic about the American cocaine smuggler George Jung, directed by Ted Demme. David McKenna and Nick Cassavetes adapted Bruce Porter's 1993 book Blow: How a Small Town Boy Made $100 Million with the Medellín Cocaine Cartel and Lost It All for the screenplay. It is based on the real life stories of George Jung, Pablo Escobar, Carlos Lehder Rivas, and the Medellín Cartel. The film's title comes from a slang term for cocaine.
/m/01yznp	Penn Fraser Jillette is an American illusionist, comedian, musician, inventor, actor, and best-selling author known for his work with fellow magician Teller in the team Penn & Teller. He is also known for his advocacy of atheism, scientific skepticism, libertarianism and free-market capitalism.
/m/026mfs	The Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to quality country music collaborations for artists who do not normally perform together. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Best Country Vocal Performance, Duet, the award was first presented to Kenny Rogers and Ronnie Milsap at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988 for the single \"Make No Mistake, She's Mine\". The next year, the category's name was changed to Best Country Vocal Collaboration, a name it held until 1996 when it was awarded as the Best Country Collaboration with Vocals. In 2011, the category was merged with the Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance, forming the Grammy Award for Best Country Duo/Group Performance in order to \"tighten the number of categories\" at the Grammy Awards.
/m/02r5w9	Bruce Beresford is an Australian film director who has made more than 30 feature films over a 50-year career. Notable films he has directed include Breaker Morant, Tender Mercies, Crimes of the Heart and Driving Miss Daisy.
/m/02hmw9	Newnham College is a women-only constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England.\nThe college was founded in 1871 by Henry Sidgwick, and was the second Cambridge college to admit women after Girton College. The co-founder of the college was Millicent Garrett Fawcett.
/m/0725ny	Kevin Michael Richardson is an American actor and voice over actor. He is well known for his deep voice and playing a wide variety of characters since the early 1990s.\nHe is also known for being the voice of Chairman Drek in the video game Ratchet & Clank, Tartarus in the video game Halo 2, Robert Hawkins in Static Shock, Kilowog in Green Lantern: The Animated Series, Captain Gantu in Lilo & Stitch, Bulkhead in Transformers Prime, Antauri in Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go! The Shredder in the 2012 incarnation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Darth Laser on Fairly Oddparents, Mr. Gus in Uncle Grandpa and many others.
/m/01gkmx	John Paul Cusack is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter who has appeared in films such as Say Anything..., Grosse Pointe Blank, High Fidelity, Con Air, Being John Malkovich, 1408, Must Love Dogs, 2012, Martian Child, America's Sweethearts, and The Butler.
/m/0d66j2	Brothers & Sisters is an American television drama series that centers on the Walker family and their lives in Pasadena, California. The series premiered on ABC on September 24, 2006, and aired its final episode on May 8, 2011. It aired, for its entire run, in a Sunday night timeslot after Desperate Housewives.\nThe cast included a collection of award-winning actors, including Sally Field, Rachel Griffiths, Calista Flockhart, Rob Lowe, and Patricia Wettig. Sally Field received both a Primetime Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance throughout the series. Rachel Griffiths was also nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards for her work on the show.\nIn May 2011, the show completed its fifth and final season on ABC. On May 13, 2011, it was announced that ABC had decided to end the show.
/m/0f3kl	Diarrhea or diarrhoea is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis.\nOral rehydration solutions with modest amounts of salts and zinc tablets are the treatment of choice and have been estimated to have saved 50 million children in the past 25 years. In cases where ORS is not available, homemade solutions are often used.\nIt is a common cause of death in developing countries and the second most common cause of infant deaths worldwide. The loss of fluids through diarrhea can cause dehydration and electrolyte disturbances such as potassium deficiency or other salt imbalances. In 2009 diarrhea was estimated to have caused 1.1 million deaths in people aged 5 and over and 1.5 million deaths in children under the age of 5.
/m/02jkkv	Out of Sight is a 1998 American crime comedy film based on the novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard and directed by Steven Soderbergh. The first of several collaborations between Soderbergh and star George Clooney, it was released on June 26, 1998.\nJennifer Lopez also stars, along with Ving Rhames, Don Cheadle, Dennis Farina, Catherine Keener, Steve Zahn and Albert Brooks.\nThe film received Academy Award nominations for Adapted Screenplay and Editing. It won the Edgar Award for best screenplay and the National Society of Film Critics awards for best film, screenplay, and director. It led to a spinoff TV series in 2003, Karen Sisco.
/m/023907r	Real estate is a legal term that encompasses land along with anything permanently affixed to the land, such as buildings, specifically property that is stationary, or fixed in location. Reference: ''The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition.'' Houghton Mifflin Company, 2004. [http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/en%3Areal%20estate Dictionary.com] Retrieved July 12, 2008.
/m/01kph_c	Warren William Zevon was an American rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was known for the dark and somewhat outlandish sense of humor in his lyrics.\nZevon's work has often been praised by well-known musicians, including Jackson Browne, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, and Neil Young. His best-known compositions include \"Werewolves of London\", \"Lawyers, Guns and Money\", \"Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner\" and \"Johnny Strikes Up the Band\", all of which are featured on his third album, Excitable Boy. Other well-known songs written by Zevon have been recorded by other artists, including \"Poor Poor Pitiful Me\", \"Accidentally Like a Martyr\", \"Mohammed's Radio\", \"Carmelita\", and \"Hasten Down the Wind\".\nAlong with his own compositions, Zevon recorded or performed occasional covers, including Allen Toussaint's \"A Certain Girl\", Bob Dylan's \"Knockin' on Heaven's Door\" and Leonard Cohen's \"First We Take Manhattan\". He was a frequent guest on Late Night with David Letterman and the Late Show with David Letterman. Letterman later performed guest vocals on \"Hit Somebody!\" with Paul Shaffer and members of the CBS Orchestra on Warren Zevon's My Ride's Here album.
/m/03sb38	StudioCanal is a French-based production and distribution company that owns the third-largest film library in the world. The company is owned by the Canal+ Group.
/m/025ldg	Kelly Brianne Blackstock is an American singer-songwriter and occasional actress. In 2002, she rose to fame after winning the first season of American Idol, and has since been established as \"The Original American Idol.\" Her debut single, \"A Moment Like This\", topped the US Billboard Hot 100 and broke the record for the biggest jump to number one in the chart's history; it became the best-selling single of the year in the country. She became the runner-up of World Idol the following year.\nClarkson's debut studio album, Thankful, has been certified 2× platinum and sold over 4.5 million copies internationally. Its lead single, \"Miss Independent,\" became an international hit, earning Clarkson her first Grammy nomination. She developed a rock-oriented sound with the release of her sophomore album, Breakaway. It has been certified 6× platinum and sold over 12 million copies worldwide, earning Clarkson two Grammy Awards, including one for the hit single \"Since U Been Gone.\" She later took full creative direction of her third album, My December, which has been certified platinum. Its lead single, \"Never Again,\" became a top ten hit. Clarkson's fourth album, All I Ever Wanted, debuted at number one, and became a critical and commercial success. Its worldwide hit single, \"My Life Would Suck Without You\", surpassed \"A Moment Like This\" for the biggest leap to number one on a single week in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 Chart from number 97, a record it still holds today. Her fifth album, Stronger, generated international chart-topping singles, \"Mr. Know It All\" and \"Stronger,\" with the latter being the best selling American Idol single to date with over five million copies worldwide, becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album, making Clarkson the first and only artist to win the award twice. In 2012, Clarkson released Greatest Hits – Chapter One; its lead single, \"Catch My Breath,\" became her twenty-fourth entry on the Hot 100 and eleventh million-selling single. Clarkson's sixth album and first Christmas-themed release, Wrapped in Red, became the best-selling holiday album of the year, making her the first American female artist to achieve this feat.
/m/0mj1l	Deborah \"Debi\" Mazar is an American actress, known for her Jersey Girl-type roles; as sharp-tongued women in independent films; and for her recurring role as press agent Shauna Roberts on the HBO series Entourage.
/m/0gcdzz	Maulik Navin Pancholy is an American actor known for his recurring role as Sanjay on Weeds, his role as Jonathan on 30 Rock, voice acting as Baljeet Tjinder in Phineas and Ferb, and as Neal during the first season of Whitney. He currently voices Sanjay Patel in the Nickelodeon animated series Sanjay and Craig.
/m/05zm34	A punter in American or Canadian football is a special teams player who receives the snapped ball directly from the line of scrimmage and then punts the football to the opposing team so as to limit any field position advantage. This generally happens on a fourth down in American football and a third down in the Canadian version. Punters may also occasionally take part in fake punts in those same situations, when they throw or run the football instead of punting.
/m/01rz1	The Council of Europe is an international organisation promoting co-operation between all countries of Europe in the areas of legal standards, human rights, democratic development, the rule of law and cultural co-operation. It was founded in 1949, has 47 member states with some 800 million citizens, and is an entirely separate body from the European Union, which has 28 member states. Unlike the EU, the Council of Europe cannot make binding laws. The two do however share certain symbols such as the flag and the anthem.\nThe best known bodies of the Council of Europe are the European Court of Human Rights, which enforces the European Convention on Human Rights, and the European Pharmacopoeia Commission, which sets the quality standards for pharmaceutical products in Europe. The Council of Europe's work has resulted in standards, charters and conventions to facilitate cooperation between European countries.\nIts statutory institutions are the Committee of Ministers comprising the foreign ministers of each member state, the Parliamentary Assembly composed of MPs from the parliament of each member state, and the Secretary General heading the secretariat of the Council of Europe. The Commissioner for Human Rights is an independent institution within the Council of Europe, mandated to promote awareness of and respect for human rights in the member states.
/m/05lnk0	Tom DeFalco is an American comics writer and editor, well known for his association with Marvel Comics and in particular for his work with Spider-Man.
/m/029pnn	Thomas Duane \"Tom\" Arnold is an American actor and comedian. He has appeared in many films, perhaps most notably True Lies. He was the host of The Best Damn Sports Show Period for four years.
/m/04wlz2	Hampton University is a historically black university located in Hampton, Virginia, United States. It was founded in 1868 by black and white leaders of the American Missionary Association after the American Civil War to provide education to freedmen. In 1878 it established a program for teaching Native Americans which lasted until 1923.
/m/033w9g	Terry O'Quinn is an American actor, most famous for playing John Locke on the TV series Lost. He made his debut in a 1980 television movie called F.D.R.: The Last Year. Since then, O'Quinn has had minor supporting roles in films and TV movies such as Young Guns, All the Right Moves, Silver Bullet, Places in the Heart, Between Two Women, and The Rocketeer, in which he portrayed Howard Hughes. O'Quinn has had guest roles on TV shows such as Miami Vice, The Twilight Zone, Tales of the Unexpected, The West Wing, Star Trek: The Next Generation, JAG, Remington Steele, The X Files, Alias, Falling Skies, and the 2010 version of Hawaii Five-0. He starred in the ABC supernatural drama series 666 Park Avenue.\nO'Quinn became known for playing the title role in The Stepfather and Stepfather II and was cast in 1996 as Peter Watts in Millennium, which ran for three seasons. In 2004, he finally broke into mainstream popularity after landing the role of John Locke on the ABC TV series Lost, for which he won an Emmy Award in 2007 and a Saturn Award in 2004.
/m/03tcbx	The Ninety-seventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1981 to January 3, 1983, during the final weeks of Jimmy Carter's presidency and the first two years of Ronald Reagan's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. The House of Representatives had a Democratic majority. The Republicans gained control of the Senate, the first time that Republicans gained control of any chamber of Congress since 1953.
/m/03v1xb	David Brown was an American film and theatre producer; he was also a writer.
/m/024rbz	Focus Features is the art house films division of NBCUniversal, and acts as both a producer and distributor for its own films and a distributor for foreign films.\nFocus Features was formed from the 2002 divisional merger of USA Films, Universal Focus and Good Machine. USA Films was created by Barry Diller in 1999 when he purchased October Films and Gramercy Pictures from Seagram and merged the two units together.
/m/05jbn	Nashville is the capital of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Davidson County. It is located on the Cumberland River in the north-central part of the state. The city is a center for the music, health care, publishing, banking and transportation industries, and is home to a large number of colleges and universities. Reflecting the city's position in state government, Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for Middle Tennessee. It is known as a center of the music industry, earning it the nickname \"Music City\".\nNashville has a consolidated city–county government which includes six smaller municipalities in a two-tier system. As of the 2010 census the population of Nashville, not including the semi-independent municipalities, stood at 601,222. The population of Nashville as a whole, including all municipalities, was 626,681. Nashville is the second largest city in Tennessee, after Memphis, and the fourth largest city in the Southeastern United States. The 2010 population of the entire 13-county Nashville metropolitan area was 1,589,934, making it the largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the state. The 2010 population of the Nashville-Davidson–Murfreesboro–Columbia combined statistical area, a larger trade area, was 1,670,890.
/m/07hwkr	White Americans are people of the United States who are considered or consider themselves White. The United States Census Bureau defines White people as those \"having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa. It includes people who indicated their race as \"White\" or reported entries such as Irish, German, Italian, Lebanese, Arab, Moroccan, or Caucasian\" and so is a wider group than European American. Like all official U.S. racial categories, \"White\" has a \"Not Hispanic or Latino\" and a \"Hispanic or Latino\" component, the latter consisting mostly of White Mexican Americans and white Cuban Americans. The term \"Caucasian\" is often used interchangeably with \"White\", although the terms are not synonymous.\nThe ten largest ancestries of American Whites are: German Americans, Irish Americans, English Americans, Italian Americans, French Americans, Polish Americans, Scottish Americans, Dutch Americans, Norwegian Americans, and Swedish Americans.\nWhites constitute the majority, with a total of 223,553,265, or 72.4% of the population in the 2010 United States Census. Non-Hispanic whites totaled 196,817,552, or 63.7% of the U.S. population.
/m/02rsw	The Episcopal Church is part of the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is divided into nine provinces and has dioceses in the U.S., Taiwan, Micronesia, the Caribbean, Central and South America, as well as the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe and the Navajoland Area Mission. The Episcopal Church describes itself as being \"Protestant, yet Catholic\". In 2010, it had 2,125,012 baptized members, of which 1,951,907 were in the U.S., making it the nation's 14th largest denomination.\nThe church was organized after the American Revolution, when it separated from the Church of England whose clergy are required to swear allegiance to the British monarch as Supreme Governor of the Church of England, and became the first Anglican Province outside the British Isles.\nThe Episcopal Church was active in the Social Gospel movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Since the 1960s and 1970s, it has opposed the death penalty and supported the civil rights movement and affirmative action. Some of its leaders and priests marched with civil rights demonstrators. Today the Church calls for the full civil equality of gay and lesbian people, and the church's General Convention has passed resolutions that allow for same-sex marriages in states in which it is legal. The convention also approved an official liturgy to bless such unions. On the question of abortion, the church has adopted a \"nuanced approach\".
/m/01kvqc	Branford Marsalis is an American saxophonist, composer and bandleader. While primarily known for his work in jazz as the leader of the Branford Marsalis Quartet, he also performs frequently as a soloist with classical ensembles and has led the group Buckshot LeFonque.
/m/07fb8_	Super 35 is a motion picture film format that uses exactly the same film stock as standard 35 mm film, but puts a larger image frame on that stock by using the negative space normally reserved for the optical analog sound track.\nSuper 35 was revived from a similar Superscope variant known as Superscope 235 which was originally developed by the Tushinsky Brothers for RKO in 1954. When cameraman Joe Dunton was preparing to shoot Dance Craze in 1982, he chose to revive the Superscope format by using a full silent-standard gate and slightly optically recentering the lens port. These two characteristics are central to the format. It was adopted by Hollywood starting with Greystoke in 1984, under the format name Super Techniscope. Later, as other camera rental houses and labs started to embrace the format, Super 35 became popular in the mid-1990s, and is now considered a ubiquitous production process, with usage on well over a thousand feature films. It is often the standard production format for television shows, music videos, and commercials. Since none of these require a release print, it is unnecessary to reserve space for an optical soundtrack. James Cameron was an early, consistent, and vocal supporter of the format, first using it for The Abyss. It also received much early publicity for making the cockpit shots in Top Gun possible, since it was otherwise impossible to fit 35 mm cameras with large anamorphic lenses into the small free space in the cockpit.
/m/05nzw6	Bruce Travis McGill is an American actor who has an extensive list of credits in film and television. He is perhaps best known for his role as Jack Dalton on the television series MacGyver and as Daniel Simpson \"D-Day\" Day in National Lampoon's Animal House.
/m/0291hr	High Anxiety is a 1977 comedy film produced and directed by Mel Brooks, who also plays the lead. This is Brooks' first film as a producer and first speaking lead role. Veteran Brooks ensemble members Harvey Korman, Cloris Leachman and Madeline Kahn are also featured.\nThe film is a parody of suspense films, most obviously the films directed by Alfred Hitchcock, Spellbound and Vertigo in particular. The movie was dedicated to Hitchcock, who worked with Brooks on the screenplay, and later sent Brooks a case containing six magnums of 1961 Château Haut-Brion wine, to show his appreciation.
/m/04__f	Marlon Brando, Jr. was an American screen and stage actor. He was hailed for bringing a gripping realism to film acting, and is widely considered to be one of the greatest movie actors of all time. A cultural icon, Brando is most famous for his Oscar-winning performances as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront and Vito Corleone in The Godfather, as well as influential performances in A Streetcar Named Desire, Viva Zapata!, Julius Caesar, The Wild One, Reflections in a Golden Eye, Last Tango in Paris and Apocalypse Now. Brando was also an activist, supporting many causes, notably the African-American Civil Rights Movement and various American Indian Movements.\nHe initially gained popularity for recreating the role of Stanley Kowalski in the film, A Streetcar Named Desire, adapted from the Tennessee Williams play in which he became recognized as a Broadway star during its 1947–49 stage run; and for his Academy Award-winning performance as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront, as well as for his iconic portrayal of the rebel motorcycle gang leader Johnny Strabler in The Wild One, which is considered to be one of the most famous images in pop culture. Brando was nominated for the Oscar for playing Emiliano Zapata in Viva Zapata!; Mark Antony in Joseph L. Mankiewicz's 1953 film adaptation of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar; and as Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver in Sayonara, Joshua Logan's adaption of James Michener's 1954 novel. Brando made Top Ten Money Making Stars, as ranked by Quigley Publications' annual survey of film exhibitors, three times in the decade, coming in at number 10 in 1954, number 6 in 1955, and number 4 in 1958.
/m/01jlsn	In the United Kingdom Independent schools are fee-paying private schools, governed by an elected board of directors and independent of many of the regulations and conditions that apply to state funded schools. Some of older, more expensive and more exclusive schools catering for the 13–18 age-range in England and Wales are known as Public schools, the term \"public\" being derived from the fact that they were open to pupils regardless of where they lived or their religion. Prep schools, educate younger children up to the age of 13 to \"prepare\" them for entry to the public schools and other independent schools. Some former grammar schools converted to an independent fee paying model following the 1965 Circular 10/65 which marked the end of their state funding, others converted into comprehensive schools.\nThere are around 2,500 independent schools in the UK, which educate around 615,000 children, being some 7 percent of all British children and 18 percent of pupils over the age of 16. In addition to charging tuition fees, many also benefit from gifts, charitable endowments and charitable status. Many of these schools are members of the Independent Schools Council.
/m/06p0s1	Douglas Slocombe OBE, BSC, ASC is a British cinematographer. His 84 feature films span over 47 years and include everything from Ealing comedies in the late 1940s and early 1950s to the first three Indiana Jones films in the 1980s.\nHis early films as cinematographer included several classic Ealing comedies, notably Kind Hearts and Coronets, The Man in the White Suit, The Lavender Hill Mob and The Titfield Thunderbolt.\nHe has been nominated for an Academy Award on three occasions, for Travels with My Aunt, Julia, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. He also won the BAFTA Award for best cinematography for The Servant, The Great Gatsby and Julia, and was nominated for Guns at Batasi, The Blue Max, The Lion in Winter, Travels with My Aunt, Jesus Christ Superstar, Rollerball, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.\nHe has also won the British Society of Cinematographers Award five times, and was awarded its Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996.
/m/0284gc	Coventry City Football Club is an English association football club representing Coventry in the West Midlands, but currently playing home games at Northampton, some 34 miles to the southeast of the city. The team competes in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed the Sky Blues owing to the colour of their strip, Coventry City were formed in 1883 as Singers F.C., and they joined the Football League in 1919. Their only major trophy was won in 1987 when they beat Tottenham Hotspur 3–2 to win the FA Cup in a match listed by the FA as one of the twelve classic FA Cup Finals. They also reached two League Cup semi-finals, in 1981 and 1990.\nThe club was an inaugural member of the Premier League in 1992 and had spent an impressive 34 consecutive seasons in the English top flight before being relegated in 2001. Following eleven seasons in the second-tier Football League Championship without any significant success, Coventry were relegated to Football League One in 2012, the first time in 48 years that the club played in the English league system's third tier.\nCoventry has only qualified for European competition once, during the 1970–71 season, when they competed in the European Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, reaching the second round. Despite beating Bayern Munich 2–1 in their home leg, they lost heavily in the away leg to go out of the competition. They were unable to compete in the 1987–88 UEFA Cup Winner's Cup due to the ban on English clubs at that time.
/m/03hl6lc	The Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay is one of the three film writing awards given by the Writers Guild of America Award.
/m/0hcr	Animation is the process of creating a continuous motion and shape change illusion by means of the rapid display of a sequence of static images that minimally differ from each other. The illusion—as in motion pictures in general—is thought to rely on the phi phenomenon.\nAnimations can be recorded on either analogue media, such as a flip book, motion picture film, video tape, or on digital media, including formats such as animated GIF, Flash animation or digital video. To display it, a digital camera, computer, or projector are used.\nAnimation creation methods include the traditional animation creation method and those involving stop motion animation of two and three-dimensional objects, such as paper cutouts, puppets and clay figures. Images are displayed in a rapid succession, usually 24, 25, or 30 frames per second.
/m/03n_7k	Josh James Brolin is an American actor. He has acted in theater, film and television roles since 1985. He is known primarily for his roles in the films Thrashin', The Goonies, W., No Country for Old Men, Milk, American Gangster, True Grit, Men in Black 3, and Gangster Squad.
/m/03bwzr4	A Master of Science is a postgraduate academic master's degree awarded by universities in many countries. The degree is typically granted for studies in the sciences.
/m/01mh_q	The 39th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 26, 1997 at Madison Square Garden, New York City. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Celine Dion won two awards both for \"Best Pop Album\" and \"Album of the Year\".
/m/0mny8	Fauquier is a county located in the United States Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 65,203. The county seat is Warrenton. In 2011, Fauquier County was number eight on the U.S. Census Bureau list of highest-income counties in the United States.\nFauquier County is part of the Washington Metropolitan Area.
/m/04_1nk	Peter Curtis Lamont is a noted set decorator, art director, and production designer most famous for working on eighteen James Bond films. The only five Bond films that he did not work on are Dr. No, From Russia with Love, Tomorrow Never Dies, Quantum of Solace and Skyfall.\nThroughout his near 60-year career, Lamont has been nominated for three Academy Awards for his work on Fiddler on the Roof, The Spy Who Loved Me and Aliens. He was nominated a fourth time and won for Titanic.\nOn August 22, 1982, Lamont was a passenger on an Indian Airlines flight from Mumbai to New Delhi, which was hijacked by a lone Sikh militant, armed with a pistol and a hand grenade. Indian security forces killed the hijacker and rescued all passengers, including Lamont.
/m/0p3r8	Kelly Michelle Lee Osbourne is an English singer-songwriter, actress, television presenter and fashion designer. The daughter of Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne, she is known for her appearances on The Osbournes with her family, for which they won a 2002 Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality Program, as well as on E!'s Fashion Police, where she has been a panelist and presenter since the show's inception in 2010. She has also appeared on Dancing with the Stars, in which she and professional dance partner Louis van Amstel took third place.
/m/0b_6s7	The 1991 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 14, 1991, and ended with the championship game on April 1 in Indianapolis, Indiana. A total of 63 games were played.\nDuke, coached by Mike Krzyzewski, won a rematch of the previous year's national final matchup against undefeated UNLV 79-77 in the semifinal, then won the national title with a 72–65 victory in the final game over Kansas, coached by Roy Williams. This was the first National Championship game for Williams as a head coach. Kansas defeated Williams' mentor Dean Smith and North Carolina in the semifinal. Kansas made its first trip to the National Championship game since 1988 when they defeated Oklahoma, making it their second trip to the Championship game in four seasons. Christian Laettner of Duke was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nThis tournament adopted the NBA's 10ths-second timer during the final minute of each period in all arenas.
/m/01y_px	Jeffrey Lynn \"Jeff\" Goldblum is an American actor. His career began in the mid-1970s and he has appeared in major box-office successes including The Fly, Jurassic Park and its sequel Jurassic Park: The Lost World, and Independence Day. He starred as Detective Zach Nichols for the eighth and ninth seasons of the USA Network's crime drama series Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
/m/03z19	The Internal Revenue Service is the revenue service of the United States federal government. The agency is a bureau of the Department of the Treasury, and is under the immediate direction of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The IRS is responsible for collecting taxes and the interpretation and enforcement of the Internal Revenue Code.\nThe first income tax was assessed in 1862 to raise funds for the American Civil War, with a rate of 3%. Today the IRS collects over $2.4 trillion each tax year from around 234 million tax returns.
/m/0f3nn	Lorenz Milton Hart was the lyricist half of the Broadway songwriting team Rodgers and Hart. Some of his more famous lyrics include \"Blue Moon,\" \"Mountain Greenery,\" \"The Lady Is a Tramp,\" \"Manhattan,\" \"Where or When,\" \"Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered,\" \"Falling in Love with Love,\" \"My Funny Valentine,\" \"I Could Write a Book\", \"This Can't Be Love\", \"With a Song in My Heart\", \"It Never Entered My Mind\", and \"Isn't It Romantic?\".
/m/07s8r0	Katherine Whitton \"Kathy\" Baker is an American stage, film and television actress.
/m/0cj2t3	Jennifer Ann Celotta is an American television producer and writer. Among her credits are Home Improvement, Malcolm in the Middle, Greg the Bunny, Andy Richter Controls The Universe and The Office. She has directed two episodes of The Office: \"Crime Aid\" and \"The Promotion.\" By the fifth season, Celotta was serving as an Office producer and one of the series show runners, along with fellow writer Paul Lieberstein. Celotta and Lieberstein wrote the fifth season finale \"Company Picnic\", which ended with character Pam Beesly learning she is pregnant. In May 2009, Celotta said the sixth season would include a wedding for Jim and Pam, although at the time she said the specifics of it had not been worked out yet.\nCelotta and her co-writers on The Office have received Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Comedy Series in 2007 and 2008, but lost both years to 30 Rock. The team has also received Writers Guild of America Award nominations for Best Comedy Series each year since 2006. They won the award in 2007, but lost in 2006 to Curb Your Enthusiasm, and to 30 Rock in 2008 and 2009. Celotta and her The Office co-writers were also nominated for a WGA in 2006 for Best New Series, but lost to Grey's Anatomy.
/m/03ytj1	The Georgia national football team is the national association football team of Georgia and is controlled by the Georgian Football Federation. The Georgian team's first match took place in 1990, while Georgia was still part of the Soviet Union. The team have attempted to qualify for each major tournament from Euro 96 onwards, but have not yet achieved qualification. Home games are played at the Boris Paichadze Stadium in Tbilisi.
/m/0b79gfg	Matthew W. Mungle is an American make-up artist. He has been nominated four times for the Academy Award for Best Makeup, winning in 1992 for Bram Stoker's Dracula. He has also received 26 Emmy nominations, winning 6.\nMungle is a native of Atoka, Oklahoma, grew up and studied for two and a half years at Oklahoma State University before moving to Hollywood in 1977. He studied under make-up artist Joe Blasco, then became an instructor at Blasco's school and worked in low-budget horror films before his career moved into larger projects beginning with Edward Scissorhands in 1990. In addition to Dracula, he has also received Oscar nominations for his work on Schindler's List, Ghosts of Mississippi, and Albert Nobbs. In Albert Nobbs he used make-up and prosthetics for actresses Glenn Close and Janet McTeer portrayals of women pretending to be men.
/m/04nlb94	Let the Right One In is a 2008 Swedish romantic horror film directed by Tomas Alfredson. Based on the 2004 novel of the same title by John Ajvide Lindqvist, who also wrote the screenplay. The film tells the story of a bullied 12-year-old boy who develops a friendship with a vampire child in Blackeberg, a suburb of Stockholm, in the early 1980s. Alfredson, unconcerned with the horror and vampire conventions, decided to tone down many elements of the novel and focus primarily on the relationship between the two main characters. Selecting the lead actors involved a year-long process with open castings held all over Sweden. In the end, then 11-year-olds Kåre Hedebrant and Lina Leandersson were chosen for the leading roles. They were subsequently commended by both Alfredson and film reviewers for their performances.\nThe film received widespread international critical acclaim and won numerous awards, including the \"Founders Award for Best Narrative Feature\" at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival and the European Fantastic Film Festivals Federation's 2008 Méliès d'Or for the \"Best European Fantastic Feature Film\", as well as four Guldbagge Awards from the Swedish Film Institute and the Saturn Award for Best International Film.
/m/05dtsb	Alexander \"Xander\" Harper Berkeley is an American actor. He is best known for his television roles of George Mason on the political thriller series 24, Percy Rose on the action thriller series Nikita and Sheriff Thomas McAllister on the crime drama \"The Mentalist\". In films, he is known for having portrayed a wide range of supporting and character roles in the well-known films The Fabulous Baker Boys, Terminator 2: Judgement Day, Candyman, Apollo 13, Gattaca, Taken, Safe, Kick-Ass, Air Force One, Shanghai Noon, If These Walls Could Talk, Five, and Sid and Nancy.\nHe is also known for being the series lead of the web series The Booth At The End for which he received the Streamy Award for \"Best Male Performance, Drama in 2013.\"
/m/01dnnt	The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, commonly known simply as Sandhurst, is the British Army officer initial training centre located adjacent to the village of Sandhurst, Berkshire, about 55 kilometres southwest of London. The Academy's stated aim is to be \"the national centre of excellence for leadership.\" All British Army officers, including late entry officers who were previously Warrant Officers, as well as many from elsewhere in the world, are trained at Sandhurst. The Academy is the British Army equivalent of the Britannia Royal Naval College Dartmouth, Royal Air Force College Cranwell and the Commando Training Centre Royal Marines.
/m/0b9dmk	Carrie Preston is an American film and television actress, producer and director. Her husband is actor Michael Emerson, and her brother is actor John G. Preston. She is known for her work on the television series True Blood and Person of Interest, as well as The Good Wife, which earned her the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.
/m/0yl_3	Jesus College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford in England. It is in the centre of the city, on a site between Turl Street, Ship Street, Cornmarket Street and Market Street. The college was founded by Elizabeth I on 27 June 1571 for the education of clergy, though students now study a broad range of secular subjects. A major driving force behind the establishment of the college was Hugh Price, a churchman from Brecon in Wales. The oldest buildings, in the first quadrangle, date from the 16th and early 17th centuries; a second quadrangle was added between about 1640 and about 1713, and a third quadrangle was built in about 1906. Further accommodation was built on the main site to mark the 400th anniversary of the college, in 1971, and student flats have been constructed at sites in north and east Oxford.\nThe life of the college was disrupted by the English Civil War. Leoline Jenkins, who became principal after the war in 1661, put the college on a more stable financial footing. Little happened at the college during the 18th century, and the 19th century saw a decline in numbers and academic standards. Reforms of Oxford University after two Royal Commissions in the latter half of the 19th century led to removal of many of the restrictions placed on the college's fellowships and scholarships, such that the college ceased to be predominantly full of Welsh students and academics. Students' academic achievements rose in the early 20th century as fellows were appointed to teach in new subjects. Women were first admitted in 1974 and now form a large part of the undergraduate population.
/m/0fpzt5	Orson Scott Card is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. His novel Ender's Game and its sequel Speaker for the Dead both won Hugo and Nebula Awards, making Card the only author to win both science fiction's top U.S. prizes in consecutive years. A feature film adaptation of Ender's Game, which Card co-produced, was released in late October 2013 in Europe and on November 1, 2013, in North America.\nCard is a professor of English at Southern Virginia University, has written two books on the subject of creative writing, hosts writing bootcamps and workshops, and serves as a judge in the Writers of the Future contest. A great-great-grandson of Brigham Young, Card is a practicing member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In addition to producing a large body of fiction works, he has also offered political, religious, and social commentary in his columns and other writing. His views on homosexuality, including his opposition to same-sex marriage, have drawn controversy.
/m/027rqbx	The Baltimore–Columbia–Towson Metropolitan Statistical Area, also known as Central Maryland, is a Metropolitan Statistical Area in Maryland as defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget. As of the 2010 Census, the combined population of the seven counties is 2,710,489. The MSA has the fourth-highest median household income in the United States, at $66,970 in 2012.
/m/04crrxr	Wyatt Cenac is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and writer. He is a former correspondent and writer on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, airing his last segment on December 13, 2012.
/m/03x33n	Southern University and A&M College is a historically black college located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Baton Rouge campus is located on Scott’s Bluff overlooking the Mississippi River in the northern section of the City of Baton Rouge. The campus encompasses 512 acres, with an agricultural experimental station on an additional 372-acre site, located five miles north of the main campus. The University is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/02f93t	John Boorman is an English filmmaker who is a longtime resident of Ireland and is best known for his feature films such as Point Blank, Deliverance, Zardoz, Excalibur, The Emerald Forest, Hope and Glory, The General and The Tailor of Panama. He has directed a total of 22 films.
/m/01tnxc	Dennis William Quaid is an American actor known for his comedic and dramatic roles. First gaining widespread attention in the 1980s, his career rebounded in the 1990s after he overcame an addiction to drugs and an eating disorder. Some of his notable credits include Breaking Away, The Long Riders, The Right Stuff, Enemy Mine, Great Balls of Fire!, The Big Easy, Far from Heaven, The Rookie, The Day After Tomorrow, Traffic, Vantage Point, Footloose, Frequency, Wyatt Earp, Dragonheart, The Parent Trap, Soul Surfer, Playing for Keeps and Innerspace.
/m/0gtsx8c	American Reunion is a 2012 ensemble comedy film written and directed by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg. It is the fourth installment in the American Pie theatrical series and eighth installment in the American Pie franchise overall.
/m/02tf1y	Damon Kyle Wayans Sr. is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor, one of the Wayans family.
/m/03rk0	India, officially the Republic of India, is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country with over 1.2 billion people, and the most populous democracy in the world. Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the south-west, and the Bay of Bengal on the south-east, it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the north-east; and Burma and Bangladesh to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives; in addition, India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.\nHome to the ancient Indus Valley Civilisation and a region of historic trade routes and vast empires, the Indian subcontinent was identified with its commercial and cultural wealth for much of its long history. Four world religions—Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism—originated here, whereas Judaism, Zoroastrianism, Christianity, and Islam arrived in the 1st millennium CE and also helped shape the region's diverse culture. Gradually annexed by and brought under the administration of the British East India Company from the early 18th century and administered directly by the United Kingdom from the mid-19th century, India became an independent nation in 1947 after a struggle for independence that was marked by non-violent resistance led by Mahatma Gandhi.
/m/0pv3x	The English Patient is a romantic drama directed by Anthony Minghella from his own script based on the novel of the same name by Michael Ondaatje and produced by Saul Zaentz.\nThe film's invocation of fate, romance, and tragedy unfolds in World War II Italy through the story of a burn victim, a once dashing archaeologist whose sacrifices to save the woman he loves spell his end.
/m/08ff1k	Walter Wanger was an American film producer active in filmmaking from the 1910s to the turbulent production of Cleopatra in 1963. Wanger developed a reputation as an intellectual and a socially conscious movie executive who produced provocative message movies and glittering romantic melodramas. Wanger was strongly influenced by European films, and made many productions geared towards international markets.\nHis career began at Paramount Pictures in the 1920s and led him to work at virtually every major studio as either a contract producer or an independent. Wanger served as president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1939 to October 1941 and from December 1941 to 1945.
/m/026spg	Natalie Maria Cole is an American singer, songwriter and performer. The daughter of Nat King Cole, Cole rose to musical success in the mid-1970s as a R&B artist with the hits \"This Will Be\", \"Inseparable\" and \"Our Love\". After a period of failing sales and performances due to a heavy drug addiction, Cole reemerged as a pop artist with the 1987 album, Everlasting, and her cover of Bruce Springsteen's \"Pink Cadillac\". In the 1990s, she re-recorded standards by her father, resulting in her biggest success, Unforgettable... with Love, which sold over seven million copies and also won Cole numerous Grammy Awards. She has sold over 30 million records worldwide.
/m/0344gc	Monster's Ball is a 2001 American romantic drama film directed by German-Swiss director Marc Forster starring Halle Berry, Billy Bob Thornton and Heath Ledger. The film tells the story of a poor Southern woman who falls for a widowed prison-guard after the execution of her husband.\nBerry won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance.
/m/0fpxp	The Hollywood Squares is an American panel game show, in which two contestants play tic-tac-toe to win cash and prizes. The \"board\" for the game is a 3 × 3 vertical stack of open-faced cubes, each occupied by a celebrity seated at a desk and facing the contestants. The stars are asked questions by the host, and the contestants judge the veracity of their answers in order to win the game.\nAlthough The Hollywood Squares was a legitimate game show, the game largely acted as the background for the show's comedy in the form of joke answers, often given by the stars prior to their \"real\" answer. The show's writers usually supplied the jokes. In addition, the stars were given question subjects and plausible incorrect answers prior to the show. The show was scripted in this sense, but the gameplay was not. In any case, as original host Peter Marshall would explain at the beginning of the Secret Square game, the celebrities were briefed prior to show to help them with bluff answers, but they otherwise heard the actual questions for the first time as they were asked on air.\nIn 2013, TV Guide ranked it number 7 in its list of the 60 greatest game shows ever.
/m/0gs973	Inkheart is a 2008 adventure fantasy film directed by Iain Softley and starring Brendan Fraser, Eliza Bennett, Paul Bettany, Helen Mirren, Andy Serkis, Jim Broadbent, and Sienna Guillory. It is based on Cornelia Funke's novel with the same name. The film was released on 12 December 2008 in the UK and 23 January 2009 in the US.
/m/01cpqk	María de Lourdes Villiers \"Mia\" Farrow is an American actress, activist and former fashion model.\nFarrow first gained notice for her role as Allison MacKenzie in the television soap opera Peyton Place and gained further recognition for her subsequent short-lived marriage to Frank Sinatra. An early film role, as Rosemary in Roman Polanski's Rosemary's Baby, saw her nominated for a BAFTA and a Golden Globe for Best Actress. She went on to appear in films such as John and Mary, Follow Me!, The Great Gatsby and Death on the Nile.\nFarrow was in a relationship with actor-director Woody Allen from 1980 to 1992 and appeared in twelve of his thirteen films over that period, including Zelig, Broadway Danny Rose, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Hannah and Her Sisters, Radio Days, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Alice and Husbands and Wives. Her later film roles include Widows' Peak, The Omen, Be Kind Rewind, Dark Horse and Luc Besson's Arthur series.\nFarrow has appeared in more than 50 films and won numerous awards, including a Golden Globe award, received seven additional Golden Globe nominations, three BAFTA nominations and a best actress award at the San Sebastian International Film Festival. Farrow is also known for her extensive work as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. She is involved in humanitarian activities in Darfur, Chad, and the Central African Republic. In 2008, Time magazine named her one of the most influential people in the world.
/m/0k_9j	Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 American fantasy-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg. It is the second installment in the Indiana Jones franchise and a prequel to 1981 film Raiders of the Lost Ark. After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees, stumbling upon a Kali-worshiping Thuggee cult practicing child slavery, black magic, and ritual human sacrifice.\nProducer and co-writer George Lucas decided to make the film a prequel as he did not want the Nazis to be the villains again. After three rejected plot devices, Lucas wrote a film treatment that resembled the film's final storyline. Lawrence Kasdan, Lucas's collaborator on Raiders of the Lost Ark, turned down the offer to write the script, and Willard Huyck and Gloria Katz were hired as his replacement, with the resultant screenplay partly based upon the 1939 film Gunga Din.\nThe film was released to financial success but mixed reviews, which criticized its violence, later contributing to the creation of the PG-13 rating. However, critical opinion has improved since 1984, citing the film's intensity and imagination. Some of the film's cast and crew, including Spielberg, retrospectively view the film in an unfavorable light. The film has also been the subject of controversy due to its portrayal of India and Hinduism.
/m/07s846j	The Social Network is a 2010 American drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires, the film portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It stars Jesse Eisenberg as founder Mark Zuckerberg, along with Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin and Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, the other principals involved in the website's creation. Neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project, although Saverin was a consultant for Mezrich's book. The film was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures on October 1, 2010.\nThe film received widespread acclaim, with critics praising it for its screenplay, editing, score, acting and direction. However, some people, including Zuckerberg himself, criticized the film for what they said were its many inaccuracies. The Social Network appeared on 78 critics' Top 10 lists for 2010; of those critics, 22 had the film in their number-one spot. Rolling Stone's Peter Travers said \"The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade.\" It was also Roger Ebert's selection for the best film of the year.
/m/015qyf	James Allen Whitmore, Jr. was an American film, theatre and television actor. He won a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award, and was nominated for two Academy Awards.
/m/059rby	New York is a state in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. New York is the 27th-most extensive, the third-most populous, and the seventh-most densely populated of the 50 United States. New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south and by Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Vermont to the east. The state has a maritime border with Rhode Island east of Long Island, as well as an international border with the Canadian provinces of Ontario to the west and north, and Quebec to the north. The state of New York is often referred to as New York State, so as to distinguish it from New York City.\nNew York City, with a Census-estimated population of over 8.3 million in 2012, is the most populous city in the United States. Alone, it makes up over 40 percent of the population of New York State. It is known for its status as a center for finance and culture and for its status as the largest gateway for immigration to the United States. New York City attracts considerably more foreign visitors than any other US city. Both the state and city were named for the 17th century Duke of York, future King James II of England.\nNew York was inhabited by various tribes of Algonquian and Iroquoian speaking Native Americans at the time Dutch settlers moved into the region in the early 17th century. In 1609, the region was first claimed by Henry Hudson for the Dutch. Fort Nassau was built near the site of the present-day capital of Albany in 1614. The Dutch soon also settled New Amsterdam and parts of the Hudson River Valley, establishing the colony of New Netherland. The British took over the colony by annexation in 1664.
/m/030tjk	Ian La Frenais, OBE, is an English writer best known for his creative partnership with Dick Clement. They are most famous for television series including The Likely Lads, Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?, Porridge, Lovejoy and Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.
/m/041288	The African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States is a group of countries in Africa, the Caribbean, and the Pacific that was created by the Georgetown Agreement in 1975. The group's main objectives are sustainable development and poverty reduction within its member states, as well as their greater integration into the world's economy. All of the member states, except Cuba, are signatories to the Cotonou Agreement with the European Union.\nThe Cotonou Agreement is the successor to the Lomé Conventions. One of the major differences from the Lomé Convention is that the partnership is extended to new actors such as civil society, private sector, trade unions and local authorities. These will be involved in consultations and planning of national development strategies, provided with access to financial resources and involved in the implementation of programmes.\nMany small island developing states are ACP states; the fourth Lomé Convention was revised in 1995 in Mauritius and gives special attention to island countries in this agreement.
/m/0gr51	The Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay is the Academy Award for the best script not based upon previously published material. It was created for 1940 as a separate writing award from the Academy Award for Best Story. Beginning with the Oscars for 1957, the two categories were combined to honor only the screenplay. In 2002, the name of the award was changed from \"Writing\" to \"Writing (Original Screenplay)\".
/m/02sp_v	The Grammy Award for Best Music Film is an accolade presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally named the Gramophone Awards, to performers, directors, and producers of quality videos or musical programs. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe category was preceded by the Grammy Award for Video of the Year, which was presented in 1982 and 1983, awarding long form videos in the budding music video market. The category was discontinued after 1983.\nThe Best Music Film category is for concert/performance films or music documentaries. Music-related documentaries must have 51 percent or more music performance-based material. Also eligible are general release theatrical, non-fictional music-related films with 51 percent or more music performance-based material.\nThe Best Music Film category is one of two categories in the Best Music Video/Film Field. The other one is Best Music Video, which recognises stand-alone videos of one song or performance.
/m/025_64l	The Tennessee Volunteers football team represents the University of Tennessee, Knoxville in the sport of American football. The Volunteers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference.\nHaving played their first season in 1891, the Vols have amassed a successful tradition for well over a century, with their combined record of 804-361-53 ranking them tenth on the list of all-time won-lost records and eighth on the by victories list for college football programs as well as second on the all-time win/loss list of SEC programs. This makes them one of the most successful football programs in NCAA history. Their all-time ranking in bowl appearances is third and sixth in all-time bowl victories. They boast six national titles in their history and their last national championship was in the 1998 college football season.\nThe Vols play at historic Neyland Stadium, where Tennessee has an all-time winning record of 445 games, the highest home-field total in college football history for any school in the nation at its current home venue. Additionally, its 102,455 seat capacity makes Neyland the nation's fourth largest stadium. The team is currently coached by Butch Jones.
/m/03h64	Hong Kong is one of two Special Administrative Regions (SARs) of the People's Republic of China (PRC), the other being Macau. A city-state situated on China's south coast and enclosed by the Pearl River Delta and South China Sea, it is renowned for its expansive skyline and deep natural harbour.
/m/02g3w	Theodor Seuss Geisel was an American writer, poet, and cartoonist. He was most widely known for his children's books written and illustrated as Dr. Seuss. He had used the pen name Dr. Theophrastus Seuss in college and later used Theo LeSieg and Rosetta Stone.\nGeisel published 46 children's books, often characterized by imaginative characters, rhyme, and frequent use of anapestic meter. His most-celebrated books include the bestselling Green Eggs and Ham, The Cat in the Hat, The Lorax, One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish, The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins, Fox in Socks, The King's Stilts, Hop on Pop, Thidwick the Big-Hearted Moose, Horton Hatches the Egg, Horton Hears a Who!, and How the Grinch Stole Christmas!. His works have spawned numerous adaptations, including 11 television specials, four feature films, a Broadway musical and four television series. He won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1958 for Horton Hatches the Egg and again in 1961 for And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street. Geisel also worked as an illustrator for advertising campaigns, most notably for Flit and Standard Oil, and as a political cartoonist for PM, a New York City newspaper. During World War II, he worked in an animation department of the United States Army, where he wrote Design for Death, a film that later won the 1947 Academy Award for Documentary Feature.
/m/037xlx	Cliffhanger is a 1993 American action-adventure thriller directed by Renny Harlin and starring Sylvester Stallone and John Lithgow. Stallone, who co-wrote the screenplay, plays a mountain climber who becomes embroiled in a failed heist set in a U.S. Treasury plane flying through the Rocky Mountains. The film was a critical and box office success, earning more than $250 million worldwide.
/m/0chrx	Omaha is the largest city in the state of Nebraska, United States, and is the county seat of Douglas County. It is located in the Midwestern United States on the Missouri River, about 10 miles north of the mouth of the Platte River. Omaha is the anchor of the Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan area, which includes Council Bluffs, Iowa, across the Missouri River from Omaha.\nAccording to the 2010 Census, Omaha's population was 408,958, making it the nation's 42nd-largest city. According to the 2012 Population Estimates, Omaha's population was 421,570. Including its suburbs, Omaha formed the 60th-largest metropolitan area in the United States in 2012, with an estimated population of 885,624 residing in eight counties. The Omaha-Council Bluffs-Fremont, NE-IA Combined Statistical Area is 922,051, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 estimate. There are more than 1.2 million residents within a 50-mile radius of the city's center, forming the Greater Omaha area.\nOmaha's pioneer period began in 1854 when the city was founded by speculators from neighboring Council Bluffs, Iowa. The city was founded along the Missouri River, and a crossing called Lone Tree Ferry earned the city its nickname, the \"Gateway to the West.\" It introduced this new West to the world when in 1898 it played host to the World's Fair, dubbed the Trans-Mississippi Exposition. During the 19th century, Omaha's central location in the United States spurred the city to become an important national transportation hub. Throughout the rest of the 19th century, the transportation and jobbing sectors were important in the city, along with its railroads and breweries. In the 20th century, the Omaha Stockyards, once the world's largest, and its meatpacking plants, gained international prominence.
/m/0jgx	Armenia, officially the Republic of Armenia, is a mountainous country in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia. Located at the crossroads of Western Asia and Eastern Europe, it is bordered by Turkey to the west, Georgia to the north, the de facto independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and Azerbaijan to the east, and Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the south.\nArmenia is a unitary, multi-party, democratic nation-state with an ancient cultural heritage. The Kingdom of Armenia was established in the 6th century BC, after the fall of Urartu; it became the first state in the world to adopt Christianity as its religion, in the early years of the 4th century. For this reason, Armenia is often called \"the first Christian nation.\" An Armenian principality and later a kingdom, known as Cilician Armenia, existed on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea between the 11th and 14th centuries.\nBy the 19th century, the traditional Armenian homeland was divided between the Ottoman and Russian empires. During World War I, the Armenians living in their ancestral lands in the Ottoman Empire were systematically exterminated in the Armenian Genocide. After almost 600 years of statelessness, Armenia was able to become independent in 1918; however, the First Republic of Armenia was surrounded by hostile countries that forcibly ended its independence in 1920. Between 1920 and 1991, Armenia was part of the Soviet Union. The modern Republic of Armenia became independent in 1991.
/m/02q1tc5	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series Writing Team is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony, held in 1974 and it is given to honored the performances of the entire writing team participating in a form of a daytime drama. The award was previously called Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series between 1974 and 1986, where the category had various names and honored different members of the writing team. Therefore, since then, the category began to start using its current title years. The Emmy was named after an \"Immy,\" an affectionate term used to refer to the image orthicon camera tube. The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy. The Emmy statuette is fifteen inches tall from base to tip, weighs five pounds and is composed of iron, pewter, zinc and gold.\nThe Young and the Restless and General Hospital holds the record for the most awards, winning on five occasions. The Young and the Restless has also received the most nominations, with a total of twenty-three. ABC has been the network the most successful, with a total of nineteen wins. In 1997, All My Children and The Young and the Restless tied, which was the first tie in this category. The Bold and the Beautiful is the most recent recipient of the award, having won in 2013.
/m/01vv7sc	Richard Melville Hall, known by his stage name Moby, is an American singer-songwriter, musician, DJ and photographer. He is well known for his electronic music, vegan lifestyle, and support of animal rights. Moby has sold over 20 million albums worldwide. Allmusic considers him \"one of the most important dance music figures of the early '90s, helping bring the music to a mainstream audience both in the UK and in America\".\nMoby gained attention in the early 1990s with his electronic dance music work, which experimented in the techno and breakbeat hardcore genres. With his fifth studio album, the electronica and house-influenced Play, he gained international success. Originally released in mid-1999, the album sold 6,000 copies in its first week, and it re-entered the charts in early 2000 and became an unexpected hit, producing eight singles and selling over 10 million copies worldwide. Moby followed the album in 2002 with 18, which was also successful, selling over 5 million copies worldwide and receiving mostly positive reviews, though some criticized it for being too similar to Play.\nHis next major release, 2005's mostly upbeat Hotel was a stylistic departure, incorporating more alternative rock elements than previous albums, and received mixed reviews. It sold around 2 million copies worldwide. After 2008's dance-influenced Last Night, he returned to the downtempo electronica of Play and 18 with 2009's mostly-ambient Wait for Me, finding higher critical acclaim and moderate sales, as well as 2011's Destroyed. Moby's latest album, Innocents, was released on October 1, 2013.
/m/0h95zbp	Chronicle is a 2012 American science fiction drama-thriller film directed by Josh Trank in his directorial debut, and written by Max Landis based on a story by both. It follows three Seattle high school seniors, bullied Andrew, his cousin Matt and more popular Steve form a bond after gaining telekinetic abilities from an unknown object. They first use their abilities for mischief and personal gain until Andrew turns to darker purposes.\nThe film is visually presented as found footage filmed from the perspective of various video recording devices that Andrew primarily uses a hand-held camcorder to document the events of his life. Released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on February 1, 2012, and in the United States on February 3, 2012, it received a positive critical response and grossed $126 million worldwide.
/m/0kvgxk	The Ice Storm is a 1997 American drama film directed by Ang Lee, based on the 1994 novel of the same name by Rick Moody.\nThe film features an ensemble cast of Kevin Kline, Joan Allen, Tobey Maguire, Christina Ricci, Elijah Wood, and Sigourney Weaver. Set during Thanksgiving 1973, The Ice Storm is about two dysfunctional New Canaan, Connecticut families who are trying to deal with tumultuous political and social changes of the early 1970s, and their escapism through alcohol, adultery, and sexual experimentation.\nUpon the film's opening in the United States on October 31, 1997, its release was limited and grossed only US$8 million on a budget of US$18 million, making it a box office flop. A new special two-disc DVD set was also released as a part of the Criterion Collection on March 18, 2008.
/m/02g8h	Denis Colin Leary is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and film producer. He is known for his biting and fast-paced comedic style. He was the star and co-creator of the television show Rescue Me, which ended its seventh and final season on September 7, 2011. He has starred in many motion pictures, most recently as Captain George Stacy in Marc Webb's 2012 film The Amazing Spider-Man and the voice of Diego in the animated Ice Age series.
/m/0w7s	Aerospace engineering is the primary branch of engineering concerned with the research, design, development, construction, testing, science and technology of aircraft and spacecraft. It is divided into two major and overlapping branches: aeronautical engineering and astronautical engineering. Aeronautics deals with aircraft that operate in Earth's atmosphere, and astronautics deals with spacecraft that operate outside the Earth's atmosphere.\nAerospace engineering deals with the design, construction, and study of the science behind the forces and physical properties of aircraft, rockets, flying craft, and spacecraft. The field also covers their aerodynamic characteristics and behaviors, airfoil, control surfaces, lift, drag, and other properties.\nAeronautical engineering was the original term for the field. As flight technology advanced to include craft operating in outer space, the broader term \"aerospace engineering\" has largely replaced it in common usage. Aerospace engineering, particularly the astronautics branch, is often referred to colloquially as \"rocket science\", such as in popular culture.
/m/0fx02	Ian Lancaster Fleming was an English author, journalist and naval intelligence officer, best known for his James Bond series of spy novels. Fleming came from a wealthy family connected to the merchant bank Robert Fleming & Co., and his father was the Member of Parliament for Henley from 1910 until his death on the Western Front in 1917. Educated at Eton, Sandhurst and the universities of Munich and Geneva, Fleming moved through a number of jobs before he started writing.\nWhile working for Britain's Naval Intelligence Division during the Second World War, Fleming was involved in planning Operation Goldeneye and in the planning and oversight of two intelligence units, 30 Assault Unit and T-Force. His wartime service and his career as a journalist provided much of the background, detail and depth of the James Bond novels.\nFleming wrote his first Bond novel, Casino Royale, in 1952. It was a success, with three print runs being commissioned to cope with the demand. Eleven Bond novels and two short-story collections followed between 1953 and 1966. The novels revolved around James Bond, an officer in the Secret Intelligence Service, commonly known as MI6. Bond was also known by his code number, 007, and was a commander in the Royal Naval Reserve. The Bond stories rank among the best-selling series of fictional books of all time, having sold over 100 million copies worldwide. Fleming also wrote the children's story Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang and two works of non-fiction. In 2008, The Times ranked Fleming fourteenth on its list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\".
/m/09gb_4p	127 Hours is a 2010 British-American biographical survival drama film directed, co-written and produced by Danny Boyle. The film stars James Franco as real-life canyoneer Aron Ralston, who became trapped by a boulder in an isolated slot canyon in Blue John Canyon, southeastern Utah, in April 2003.\nThe film, based on Ralston's memoir Between a Rock and a Hard Place, was written by Boyle and Simon Beaufoy, produced by Christian Colson and John Smithson and the music was scored by A. R. Rahman. Beaufoy, Colson and Rahman had all previously worked with Boyle on Slumdog Millionaire. The film was received well by critics and audiences and it was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor for Franco.
/m/07ddz9	Paul Dooley is an American actor, writer, and comedian.
/m/07j8kh	Elliot Goldenthal is an American composer of contemporary classical music. He was a student of Aaron Copland and John Corigliano, and is best known for his distinctive style and ability to blend various musical styles and techniques in original and inventive ways. He is also a film-music composer, and won the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 2002 for his score to the motion picture Frida, directed by his long-time partner Julie Taymor.
/m/04ddm4	Jaws 3-D is a 1983 American horror thriller film directed by Joe Alves and starring Dennis Quaid, Bess Armstrong, Lea Thompson and Louis Gossett, Jr. It is the second sequel to Steven Spielberg's Jaws, which was based on the novel of Peter Benchley.\nAs SeaWorld, a Florida marine park with underwater tunnels and lagoons, prepares for opening, a young great white shark infiltrates the park from the sea, attacking and terrifying employees. Once the baby shark is captured, it becomes apparent that it was the mother, a much larger shark who also entered the park, who was the real killer.\nThe film is notable for making use of 3D film during the revived interest in the technology in the 1980s, amongst other horror films such as Friday the 13th Part III and Amityville 3D. Cinema audiences could wear disposable cardboard polarized 3D glasses to create the illusion that elements penetrate the screen. Several shots and sequences were designed to utilise the effect, such as the shark's destruction. Since 3D was ineffective in home viewing until the advent of 3D televisions in the late 2000s, the alternative title Jaws III is used for television broadcasts, VHS and DVD.
/m/03kg2v	The Count of Monte Cristo is a 2002 adventure film directed by Kevin Reynolds. The film is the tenth adaptation of the book of the same name by Alexandre Dumas, père and stars Richard Harris, James Caviezel, Dagmara Dominczyk, Guy Pearce, and Luis Guzman. It follows the general plot of the novel; but many aspects, including the relationships between major characters and the ending, have been changed, simplified, or removed; and action scenes have been added. The movie met with modest box office success.
/m/0b90_r	Mexico, officially the United Mexican States, is a federal republic in North America. It is bordered on the north by the United States; on the south and west by the Pacific Ocean; on the southeast by Guatemala, Belize, and the Caribbean Sea; and on the east by the Gulf of Mexico. Covering almost two million square kilometres, Mexico is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent nation in the world. With an estimated population of over 113 million, it is the eleventh most populous and the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world and the second most populous country in Latin America. Mexico is a federation comprising thirty-one states and a Federal District, the capital city.\nIn pre-Columbian Mexico many cultures matured into advanced civilizations such as the Olmec, the Toltec, the Teotihuacan, the Zapotec, the Maya and the Aztec before first contact with Europeans. In 1521, the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its base in México Tenochtitlan, which was administered as the Viceroyalty of New Spain. This territory would eventually become Mexico following recognition of the colony's independence in 1821. The post-independence period was characterized by economic instability, the Mexican-American War that led to the territorial cession to the United States, the Pastry War, the Franco-Mexican War, a civil war, two empires and a domestic dictatorship. The latter led to the Mexican Revolution in 1910, which culminated with the promulgation of the 1917 Constitution and the emergence of the country's current political system. In March 1938, through the Mexican oil expropriation private U.S. and Anglo-Dutch oil companies were nationalized to create the state-owned Pemex oil company.
/m/0dq630k	The baritone guitar is a variation on the standard guitar, with a longer scale length that allows it to be tuned to a lower range. It first appeared in the classical music realm. The Danelectro Company was the first to introduce the electric baritone guitar in the late 1950s, and the instrument began to appear in surf music, as well as background music for many movie soundtracks, especially spaghetti westerns. In more recent history, the baritone guitar has found use within styles like rock, metal and improvised music. Some baritone guitars may also have the capacity to be used as a bass guitar if strung correctly.\nA standard guitar's standard tuning is E A D G B E. Baritone guitars are usually tuned a perfect fifth lower, a perfect fourth lower, or a major third lower. Gretsch, Fender, Gibson, PRS Guitars, Music Man, Danelectro, Schecter, Jerry Jones, Burns London and many other companies have produced baritone guitars since the 1960s, although always in small numbers due to low popularity.\nBaritone guitars have larger bodies than standard guitars, especially in the case of acoustic instruments, and have longer scale lengths which allow the strings to be tuned lower while remaining close to or at normal tension. On a standard, steel-string, acoustic guitar, the scale length is typically 24.9\" to 25.7\", and the strings range in diameter from .012\" to .054\". The scale lengths of various baritone designs range from 27\" to 30.5\", and the string gauges range from the normal .012 - .054\" set to sets as thick as .017 - .095\". Shorter-scale baritone guitars are more like long-scale guitars, having more midrange volume, whereas the longer scale lengths and heavier string sets give more bass to the instrument's timbre. Shorter scale baritones tend to be tuned C-C or B-B whereas longer ones are typically tuned A-A.
/m/02zkdz	Eastern Illinois University is a state university located in Charleston, Illinois, United States. Established in 1895 as the Eastern Illinois State Normal School, a teacher's college offering a two-year degree, Eastern Illinois University gradually expanded into a comprehensive university with a broad curriculum, including Baccalaureate and Master's degrees in education, business, arts, sciences, and humanities.
/m/05ztjjw	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Movie. In 2012, it was renamed to Movie of the Year. The Twilight Saga films won in four consecutive years along with Best Kiss.
/m/054lpb6	Relativity Media LLC is an American full-scale film studio. It acquires, develops, produces, and distributes films and produces television programs. The company has invested $20 billion to date as of 2012 in entertainment investments with partners such as Citibank, Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank and others. It is headquartered in Beverly Hills, California. It was founded in 2004 by Ryan Kavanaugh.
/m/01p3ty	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, also known as DDLJ, is a 1995 Indian romantic comedy musical film. It was written and directed by debutante director Aditya Chopra, produced by his father Yash Chopra, and stars Shahrukh Khan and Kajol. The film tells the story of a young couple who fall in love on a European vacation, and relates how the boy tries to win over the girl's parents so that she can marry him rather than the boy that her father has chosen for her. It was filmed in India, London, and Switzerland.\nEarning over 106 crore in India and 16 crore overseas, the film was declared an \"All-time Blockbuster\" and became the biggest Bollywood hit of the year, as well as one of the biggest Bollywood hits ever. During the 1996 awards season, the film won 10 Filmfare Awards, the most ever for a single film at that time, as well as the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment.\nDilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was ranked by Indiatimes Movies among the \"25 Must See Bollywood Films\". It was one of two Hindi films in the \"1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die\" list along with Mother India. It was also placed twelfth on the British Film Institute's list of the top Indian films of all time. The film was declared an all-time blockbuster and it remains as the longest-running film in the history of Indian cinema. As of 2013, it is still playing at the Maratha Mandir theatre in Mumbai, completing 900 weeks on 11 January 2013.
/m/01f8gz	Chungking Express is a 1994 drama, mystery, romance film written and directed by Kar Wai Wong.
/m/0djkrp	The History Boys is a 2006 British comedy-drama film adapted by Alan Bennett from his play of the same name, which won the 2005 Olivier Award for Best New Play and the 2006 Tony Award for Best Play. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner, who directed the original production at the Royal National Theatre in London, and features the original cast of the play.\nThe school scenes were filmed in Watford in the two grammar schools, Watford Grammar School for Boys and Watford Grammar School for Girls. The film uses the uniform of Watford Boys. Locations in Elland and Halifax, West Yorkshire are used to create the broader landscape of Sheffield in which the story is set.
/m/08vr94	Kristen Carroll Wiig is an American actress, comedian, and writer who is best known for her work as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live from 2005 to 2012. She was a member of the improvisational comedy troupe The Groundlings, and has appeared in several television series and films, including Bridesmaids, MacGruber, Flight of the Conchords, Adventureland, Paul, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, and Arrested Development. Her voice acting credits include Ruffnut in How to Train Your Dragon, Miss Hattie in Despicable Me, Lucy Wilde in Despicable Me 2 and Lola Bunny in the series The Looney Tunes Show. In 2011, Wiig co-wrote and starred in the 2011 comedy film, Bridesmaids, which earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Musical/Comedy, as well as nominations for the Academy Award and BAFTA for Best Original Screenplay. She has also garnered four consecutive nominations for an Emmy Award as an Outstanding Supporting Actress for her roles on Saturday Night Live.
/m/01gg59	A. R. Rahman is a film score composer.
/m/06bzwt	David Bowditch Morse is an American actor, singer, director, and writer. He first came to national attention as Dr. Jack Morrison in the medical drama series St. Elsewhere from 1982 to 1988. He continued his film career with roles in Dancer in the Dark, The Indian Runner, The Negotiator, Contact, The Green Mile, Disturbia, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Crossing Guard, The Rock, Extreme Measures, 12 Monkeys, 16 Blocks, and Hounddog.\nIn 2006, Morse had a recurring role as Detective Michael Tritter on the medical drama series House, for which he received an Emmy Award nomination. He portrayed George Washington in the 2008 HBO miniseries John Adams, which garnered him a second Emmy nomination. He has also received acclaim for his portrayal of Uncle Peck on the Off-Broadway play How I Learned to Drive, earning a Drama Desk Award and Obie Award. He had success on Broadway too, portraying James \"Sharky\" Harkin in The Seafarer. From 2010 to 2013, he portrayed Terry Colson, an honest police officer in a corrupt New Orleans police department, on the HBO series Treme.
/m/01tspc6	Imelda Mary Philomena Bernadette Staunton, OBE is an English actress. She is perhaps best known for her performances in the British comedy television series Up the Garden Path, the Harry Potter film series and Vera Drake. She drew critical acclaim as Vera Drake, earning her a Best Actress Oscar nomination and a number of wins including the BAFTA and Venice Film Festival Awards for best actress in a leading role.
/m/059_gf	Jeffrey Wright is an American film, television and stage actor. He is known for such roles as Muddy Waters in Cadillac Records, Jean-Michel Basquiat in Basquiat, Felix Leiter in the James Bond films Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace, Valentin Narcisse in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire, and Beetee in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
/m/02hczc	The Mountain Time Zone of North America keeps time by subtracting seven hours from Greenwich Mean Time, during the shortest days of autumn and winter, and by subtracting six hours during daylight saving time in the spring, summer, and early autumn. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time at the 105th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory. In the United States, the exact specification for the location of time zones and the dividing lines between zones is set forth in the Code of Federal Regulations at 49 CFR 71.\nIn the United States and Canada, this time zone is generically called Mountain Time. Specifically, it is Mountain Standard Time when observing standard time, and Mountain Daylight Time when observing daylight saving time. The term refers to the fact that the Rocky Mountains, which range from northwestern Canada to the US state of New Mexico, are located almost entirely in the time zone. In Mexico, this time zone is known as the Pacific Zone.\nIn the United States and Canada, the Mountain Time Zone is one hour ahead of the Pacific Time Zone and one hour behind the Central Time Zone.
/m/0521rl1	Matt Servitto is an American actor, known for his role on The Sopranos as FBI agent Dwight Harris. Servitto won a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series for his work on The Sopranos.He also appeared on all 3 seasons of the Peabody Award-winning series Brotherhood as Rep. Donatello and had a guest appearance on Sex and the City as Carrie Bradshaw's editor. He also voiced the character of Sam in the 2002 video game, Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven.\nHe is a graduate of The Juilliard School in New York City.\nSince 2012 he has been a series regular on the original Cinemax series \"Banshee\" where he plays Deputy Brock Lotus and on the Adult Swim television series Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell where he plays Satan.
/m/0459z	Johannes Brahms was a German composer and pianist.\nBorn in Hamburg into a Lutheran family, Brahms spent much of his professional life in Vienna, Austria, where he was a leader of the musical scene. In his lifetime, Brahms's popularity and influence were considerable; following a comment by the nineteenth-century conductor Hans von Bülow, he is sometimes grouped with Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven as one of the \"Three Bs\".\nBrahms composed for piano, chamber ensembles, symphony orchestra, and for voice and chorus. A virtuoso pianist, he premiered many of his own works; he worked with some of the leading performers of his time, including the pianist Clara Schumann and the violinist Joseph Joachim. Many of his works have become staples of the modern concert repertoire. Brahms, an uncompromising perfectionist, destroyed some of his works and left others unpublished.\nBrahms is often considered both a traditionalist and an innovator. His music is firmly rooted in the structures and compositional techniques of the Baroque and Classical masters. He was a master of counterpoint, the complex and highly disciplined art for which Johann Sebastian Bach is famous, and of development, a compositional ethos pioneered by Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven, and other composers. Brahms aimed to honour the \"purity\" of these venerable \"German\" structures and advance them into a Romantic idiom, in the process creating bold new approaches to harmony and melody. While many contemporaries found his music too academic, his contribution and craftsmanship have been admired by subsequent figures as diverse as Arnold Schoenberg and Edward Elgar. The diligent, highly constructed nature of Brahms's works was a starting point and an inspiration for a generation of composers.
/m/0bkj86	A Master of Arts from the Latin Magister Artium, is a type of Master's degree awarded by universities in many countries. The M.A. is usually contrasted with the M.S. or M.Sc. degrees. Those admitted to the degree typically study English, history, geography, communication, or other of the humanities, philosophy, social sciences, fine arts or nursing, museum studies or theology. The degree can be conferred in respect of passing examinations, in respect of research, or a combination of the two.\nThe Master of Arts degree traces its origin to the teaching license, or Licentia docendi, for the University of Paris.
/m/01tt43d	Roberto Remigio Benigni, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI is an Italian actor, comedian, screenwriter and director of film, theatre and television.
/m/0r679	Cupertino is a city in Santa Clara County, California in the United States, directly west of San Jose on the western edge of the Santa Clara Valley with portions extending into the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains. An affluent city, Cupertino is the 11th wealthiest city with a population over 50,000 in the United States with an estimated per-capita income of $51,965 and a median household income exceeding $160,000. The population was 58,302 at the 2010 census. Forbes ranked it as one of the most educated small towns. It is perhaps best known as being the home town of Apple Inc.'s corporate headquarters.\nMoney's Best Places to Live, America's best small towns, ranked Cupertino as #27 in 2012, the 2nd highest in California.
/m/0bzn6_	The 57th Academy Awards were presented March 25, 1985 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Jack Lemmon.\nThis ceremony is best-remembered for perhaps the most quoted and famous Academy Award acceptance speech ever. Upon winning the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Places in the Heart, Sally Field exclaimed, \"The first time I didn't feel it, but this time I feel it, and I can't deny the fact that you like me, right now, you like me!\"\nThe winner of Best Supporting Actor was also significant. Haing S. Ngor, a Cambodian surgeon who survived the horrors of the Khmer Rouge, won the award for his performance as Dith Pran in Roland Joffé's The Killing Fields, despite having no previous acting experience. Ngor and Harold Russell are the only two non-professional actors to win Academy Awards for acting.\n77 year-old Peggy Ashcroft won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in A Passage to India, making her the oldest winner in that category.\nAs of 2014, Amadeus is the last film to receive two lead actor nominations.
/m/029ghl	Bo Derek is an American film and television actress, movie producer, and model perhaps best known for her role in the 1979 film 10. The film also launched a bestselling poster for Derek in a swimsuit, and subsequently she became one of the most popular sex symbols in the 1980s. Her later films were not well-received, either critically or at the box office. She makes occasional film, television and documentary appearances.
/m/016ybr	Power pop is a popular musical genre that draws its inspiration from 1960s British and American pop and rock music. It typically incorporates a combination of musical devices such as strong melodies, clear vocals and crisp vocal harmonies, economical arrangements and prominent guitar riffs. Instrumental solos are usually kept to a minimum, and blues elements are largely downplayed.\nRecordings tend to display production values that lean toward compression and a forceful drum beat. Instruments usually include one or more electric guitars, an electric bass guitar, a drum kit and sometimes electric keyboards or synthesizers.\nWhile its cultural impact has waxed and waned over the decades, power pop is among rock's most enduring subgenres.
/m/0prh7	Hamlet is a 1996 film version of William Shakespeare's play Hamlet, adapted for the screen and directed by Kenneth Branagh, who also stars in the titular role as Prince Hamlet. The film also features Derek Jacobi as King Claudius, Julie Christie as Queen Gertrude, Kate Winslet as Ophelia, Michael Maloney as Laertes, Richard Briers as Polonius, and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio. Other notable appearances include Robin Williams, Gérard Depardieu, Jack Lemmon, Billy Crystal, Rufus Sewell, Charlton Heston, Richard Attenborough, Judi Dench, John Gielgud and Ken Dodd.\nThe film is notable as the first unabridged theatrical film version of the play, running just over four hours. The longest screen version of the play prior to the 1996 film was the 1980 BBC made-for-television version starring Derek Jacobi, which runs three-and-a-half hours.\nThe play's setting is updated to the 19th century, but its Elizabethan English remains the same. Blenheim Palace is the setting used for the exterior grounds of Elsinore Castle and interiors were all photographed at Shepperton Studios, blended with the footage shot at Blenheim. Hamlet was also the last major dramatic motion picture to be filmed entirely on 70 mm film until 2012, with the release of Paul Thomas Anderson's The Master.
/m/027n4zv	Richard Olen Sommer II is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Harry Crane on the AMC series Mad Men.
/m/015rmq	Sir Georg Solti, KBE was an orchestral and operatic conductor, best known for his appearances with opera companies in Munich, Frankfurt and London, and as a long-serving music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Born in Budapest, he studied there with Béla Bartók, Leo Weiner and Ernő Dohnányi. In the 1930s, he was a répétiteur at the Hungarian State Opera and worked at the Salzburg Festival for Arturo Toscanini. His career was interrupted by the rise of the Nazis, and because he was a Jew he fled the increasingly restrictive anti-semitic laws in 1938. After conducting a season of Russian ballet in London at the Royal Opera House he found refuge in Switzerland, where he remained during the Second World War. Prohibited from conducting there, he earned a living as a pianist.\nAfter the war, Solti was appointed musical director of the Bavarian State Opera in Munich in 1946. In 1952 he moved to the Frankfurt Opera, where he remained in charge for nine years. He took West German citizenship in 1953. In 1961 he became musical director of the Covent Garden Opera Company, London. During his ten-year tenure, he introduced changes that raised standards to the highest international levels. Under his musical directorship the status of the company was recognised with the grant of the title \"the Royal Opera\". He became a British subject in 1972.
/m/02y_lrp	The Love Guru is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Marco Schnabel in his directorial debut, written and produced by Mike Myers, and starring Mike Myers, Jessica Alba, Justin Timberlake, Romany Malco, Meagan Good, Verne Troyer, John Oliver, Omid Djalili, and Ben Kingsley.
/m/026n3rs	Craig Carlson is an American soap opera writer and novelist.
/m/0ldd	Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie, DBE was an English crime novelist, short story writer, and playwright. She also wrote six romances under the name Mary Westmacott, but she is best known for the 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections she wrote under her own name, most of which revolve around the investigations of such characters as Hercule Poirot, Miss Jane Marple and Tommy and Tuppence. She also wrote the world's longest-running play, The Mousetrap.\nBorn to a wealthy upper-middle-class family in Torquay, Devon, Christie served in a hospital during the First World War, before marrying and starting a family in London. Although initially unsuccessful at getting her work published, in 1920, The Bodley Head press published her novel The Mysterious Affair at Styles, featuring the character of Poirot. This launched her literary career.\nThe Guinness Book of World Records lists Christie as the best-selling novelist of all time. Her novels have sold roughly 4 billion copies, and her estate claims that her works rank third, after those of William Shakespeare and the Bible, as the world's most-widely published books. According to Index Translationum, Christie is the most-translated individual author, and her books have been translated into at least 103 languages. And Then There Were None is Christie's best-selling novel with 100 million sales to date, making it the world's best-selling mystery ever, and one of the best-selling books of all time. In 1971, she was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. In 2013, The Murder of Roger Ackroyd was voted the best crime novel ever by 600 fellow writers of the Crime Writers' Association.
/m/07xyn1	Simon Property Group, Inc. is an American commercial real estate company, ranked #1 in the United States as the largest real estate investment trust. Simon is a fully integrated real estate company which operates from five retail real estate platforms: regional malls, Premium Outlet Centers, The Mills, community/lifestyle centers and international properties. It currently owns or has an interest in more than 325 properties comprising approximately 241,000,000 square feet of gross leasable area in North America and Asia. The company is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana and employs more than 5,000 people worldwide. It is publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol SPG and is part of the S&P 100.
/m/0glh3	Leicestershire is a landlocked county in the English Midlands. It takes its name from the City of Leicester, traditionally its administrative centre, although the City of Leicester unitary authority is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire. The county borders Nottinghamshire to the north, Lincolnshire to the north-east, Rutland to the east, Northamptonshire to the south-east, Warwickshire to the south-west, Staffordshire to the west, and Derbyshire to the north-west. The border with Warwickshire is Watling Street.\nThe county has a population of just under 1 million with over half the population living in Leicester's built-up area.
/m/027bs_2	John Ortiz is an American actor and artistic director/co-founder of LAByrinth Theater Company.
/m/02qflgv	Joanne Froggatt is an English actress of stage, television, and film, most notably appearing in Downton Abbey as Anna, Lady's Maid to Lady Mary Crawley. She earlier had a regular role in Coronation Street and has also appeared in many other television dramas including Bad Girls, dinnerladies, Nature Boy, Red Cap, A Touch of Frost, Other People's Children, The Street, Rebus, Island at War, and Life on Mars.
/m/03qkgyl	Shobha Kapoor is an Indian television and film producer. She is the Managing Director of Balaji Telefilms, a famous TV serial production house in Mumbai, India. She is married to Bollywood actor Jeetendra.
/m/03t5kl	The Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality songs on which rappers and singers collaborate. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nAccording to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to artists for \"a newly recorded Rap/Sung collaborative performance by artists who do not normally perform together\", and the \"collaborative artist should be recognized as a featured artist\".\nAmericans Eve and Gwen Stefani won the first award in 2002 with \"Let Me Blow Ya Mind\". The pair were unsuccessfully nominated a second time in 2006 for \"Rich Girl\". American rapper Jay-Z has received seven Grammys in the category— four times as lead artist and three times as featured artist; he has also been nominated for three other songs. Kanye West has won the award four times, and has been nominated for the honor for six other works. Rihanna is the female artist with the most wins in the category, with three. T-Pain has received the most nominations in the category without a win, with five.
/m/04jwjq	Veer-Zaara is a 2004 Indian romantic drama film directed by Yash Chopra under the Yash Raj Films banner. The film stars Shah Rukh Khan, Rani Mukerji and Preity Zinta in the leading roles, with Manoj Bajpai, Kirron Kher, Divya Dutta and Anupam Kher in supporting roles. Veteran actors Amitabh Bachchan and Hema Malini make special appearances in the film. The film's story and dialogues were written by Aditya Chopra.\nSet against the backdrop of conflict between India and Pakistan, this star-crossed romance follows the unfortunate love story of an Indian Air Force pilot, Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh, and a Pakistani woman hailing from a rich political family of Lahore, Zaara Haayat Khan, who are separated for 22 years. Saamiya Siddiqui, a Pakistani lawyer, finds Veer in prison, and upon listening to his story, tries to get him freed.\nHighly anticipated pre-release, the film eventually became the top-grossing Bollywood film of the year at both the Indian and the international box office, earning over 942.2 million worldwide, in addition to being showcased at numerous prominent film festivals around the world. The music of the film, based on old compositions by the late Madan Mohan with lyrics by Javed Akhtar, was also successful. Upon its theatrical release, Veer-Zaara received mostly positive reviews from critics. The film won several awards in major Indian film award ceremonies, including the Most Popular Film award at the National Film Awards and the Filmfare Award for Best Film, among others. The film marked Chopra's return as a director after seven years post Dil To Pagal Hai, which also starred Shahrukh Khan.
/m/0gkxgfq	The 38th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards was held on June 19, 2011, and broadcast on the CBS network live from Las Vegas. Pre-Nominations were announced on February 25. Nominations were announced on May 11. It was hosted by Wayne Brady. Pat Sajak and Alex Trebek both received a Lifetime Achievement Award.
/m/0mkg	Accordions are a family of box-shaped musical instruments of the bellows-driven free-reed aerophone type, colloquially referred to as a squeezebox. A person who plays the accordion is called an accordionist. The concertina and bandoneón are related; the harmonium and American reed organ are in the same family.\nThe instrument is played by compressing or expanding the bellows while pressing buttons or keys, causing valves, called pallets, to open, which allow air to flow across strips of brass or steel, called reeds, that vibrate to produce sound inside the body. The performer normally plays the melody on buttons or keys on the right-hand manual, and the accompaniment, consisting of bass and pre-set chord buttons, on the left-hand manual.\nThe accordion is widely spread across the world. In some countries it is used in pop music, whereas in other regions it tends to be more restricted to folk music and as well as in regional and is often used in folk music in Europe, North America and South America. Nevertheless, in Europe and North America, some popular music acts also make use of the instrument. Additionally, the accordion is also used in jazz music and in both solo and orchestra performances of classical music.
/m/01kwlwp	Kirk Dwayne Franklin is an American gospel musician, choir director, and author who sold nearly 20 million albums worldwide. He is known for leading urban contemporary gospel choirs such as The Family, God's Property and One Nation Crew, and has won multiple awards, including seven Grammy Awards.
/m/01fwj8	Amelia Fiona \"Minnie\" Driver is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the film Good Will Hunting, and an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe for her work in the television series The Riches.
/m/04969y	Some Kind of Monster is a 2004 documentary film featuring the American heavy metal band Metallica. It shares its name with the song \"Some Kind of Monster\" from Metallica's 2003 album St. Anger. The film shows many studio rehearsals and fragments of concert footage. It won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature. The DVD release was handled by Paramount Pictures, whose 2000 film Mission: Impossible II featured \"I Disappear\" by Metallica.
/m/07cbcy	The Razzie Award for Worst Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst actor of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated.\nOnly one winner of the Worst Actor Razzie has ever shown up at the ceremony and collected his award in person, Tom Green for the film Freddy Got Fingered.\nSylvester Stallone holds the record for most Razzies in this category with four. Other actors with multiple wins are Kevin Costner and Adam Sandler with three, and Pauly Shore with two.
/m/0395lw	A bell is a simple sound-making device. The bell is a percussion instrument and an idiophone. Its form is usually a hollow, cup-shaped acoustic resonator, which vibrates upon being struck. The striking implement can be a tongue suspended within the bell, known as a clapper, a separate mallet or hammer, or in small bells a small loose sphere enclosed within the body of the bell.\nBells are usually made of cast metal, but small bells can also be made from ceramic or glass. Bells range in size from tiny dress accessories to church bells 5 metres tall, weighing many tons. Historically, bells were associated with religious rituals, and before mass communication were widely used to call communities together for both religious and secular events. Later bells were made to commemorate important events or people and have been associated with the concepts of peace and freedom. The study of bells is called campanology.\nA set of bells, hung in a circle for change ringing, is known as a ring of bells or peal of bells.\nA set 23 of bells spanning at least two octaves is a carillon.
/m/0m593	Jack Leonard \"J. L.\" Warner, born Jacob Warner in London, Ontario, was a Canadian-born American film executive who was the president and driving force behind the Warner Bros. Studios in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. Warner's career spanned some forty-five years, its duration surpassing that of any other of the seminal Hollywood studio moguls.\nAs co-head of production at Warner Bros. Studios, he worked with his brother, Sam Warner, to procure the technology for the film industry's first talking picture. After Sam's death, Jack clashed with his surviving older brothers, Harry and Albert Warner. He assumed exclusive control of the film production company in the 1950s, when he secretly purchased his brothers' shares in the business after convincing them to participate in a joint sale of stocks.\nAlthough Warner was feared by many of his employees and inspired ridicule with his uneven attempts at humor, he earned respect for his shrewd instincts and tough-mindedness. He recruited many of Warner Bros.'s top stars and promoted the hard-edged social dramas for which the studio became known. Given to decisiveness, Warner once commented, \"If I'm right fifty-one percent of the time, I'm ahead of the game.\"
/m/0j1z8	The United Arab Emirates, sometimes simply called the Emirates or the UAE, is a country located in the southeast end of the Arabian Peninsula on the Persian Gulf, bordering Oman to the east and Saudi Arabia to the south, as well as sharing sea borders with Qatar, Iran and Pakistan.\nEstablished on 2 December 1971, the country is a federation of seven emirates. Each emirate is governed by a hereditary emir who jointly form the Federal Supreme Council which is the highest legislative and executive body in the country. One of the emirs is selected as the President of the United Arab Emirates. The constituent emirates are Abu Dhabi, Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras al-Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm al-Quwain. The capital is Abu Dhabi, which is one of the two centers of commercial and cultural activities, together with Dubai. Islam is the official religion of the UAE, and Arabic is the official language.\nIn 1962, Abu Dhabi became the first of the emirates to begin exporting oil. The late Sheikh Zayed, ruler of Abu Dhabi and the first president of the UAE, oversaw the development of the Emirates and steered oil revenues into healthcare, education and infrastructure. Today, Emirates oil reserves are ranked as the seventh-largest in the world, along with world's seventeenth largest natural gas reserves. Emirates has a developed high income economy which enjoys a sizable annual trade surplus while ranks as the the world's seventh highest in terms of GDP per capita. Its most populous city of Dubai has emerged as a global city and a business gateway for the Middle East and Africa.
/m/0djywgn	Rowan Sebastian Atkinson, CBE is an English actor, comedian, and screenwriter who is best known for his work on the sitcoms Mr. Bean and Blackadder. Atkinson first came to prominence in the sketch comedy show Not the Nine O'Clock News, and via his participation in The Secret Policeman's Balls from 1979. His other work includes the sitcom The Thin Blue Line.\nHe has been listed in The Observer as one of the 50 funniest actors in British comedy and amongst the top 50 comedians ever, in a 2005 poll of fellow comedians. He has also had cinematic success with his performances in the Mr. Bean movie adaptations Bean and Mr. Bean's Holiday and in Johnny English and its sequel Johnny English Reborn.
/m/03xmy1	Brigitte Nielsen is a Danish actress, model, singer, and reality television personality who began her career modelling for Greg Gorman and Helmut Newton and several years later acted in the 1985 films Red Sonja and Rocky IV. She is also known for her marriage to Sylvester Stallone, with whom she starred in the 1986 film Cobra. She played Karla Fry on Beverly Hills Cop II, co-starring Eddie Murphy, and played the Dark Witch in the Italian TV Series Cave of the Golden Rose between 1992–1996. She appeared also in Michael Jackson's \"Liberian Girl\" and Austrian Rock Star Falco's \"Body Next To Body\" music videos.\nHer exploits were well-covered in the entertainment media in the 1980s, and the world press started referring to her as an \"Amazon\" because of her tall stature.\nShe later built a career appearing in B-movies, and in the 2000s, for appearing on reality shows such as Flavor of Love. In 2008, she appeared on the reality show Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew, which depicted her and several other celebrities dealing with recovery from drug and alcohol addiction.\nShe released several albums between 1987–2002. Recently, she performed on the song Misery with Spleen United, from the album School of Euphoria.
/m/0cw5k	Pyongyang is the capital of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, commonly known as North Korea, and the largest city in the country. Pyongyang is located on the Taedong River and, according to preliminary results from the 2008 population census, has a population of 3,255,388. The city was split from the South P'yŏngan province in 1946. It is administered as a directly governed city, on the same level as provincial governments, not a special city as Seoul is in South Korea.
/m/01vsn38	Thomas Jacob \"Jack\" Black is an American actor, producer, comedian, voice artist, writer, and musician. His acting career has been extensive, starring primarily as bumbling and cocky but internally self-conscious outsiders in comedy films, though he has played some serious roles. He is best known for his roles in High Fidelity, Shallow Hal, School of Rock, King Kong, Nacho Libre, Tropic Thunder, Bernie and the Kung Fu Panda films. Black is considered a member of the so-called Frat Pack, a loose grouping of comic actors who have appeared together in various Hollywood films, and has been nominated for two Golden Globe Awards. He is the lead vocalist of the comedic rock group Tenacious D, which he formed in 1994 with friend Kyle Gass.
/m/021sv1	Daniel Ken \"Dan\" Inouye was a Medal of Honor recipient, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, a United States Senator from Hawaii, a member of the Democratic Party, and the President pro tempore of the United States Senate from 2010 until his death in 2012, making him the highest-ranking Asian American politician in U.S. history. Inouye was the chairman of the U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations.\nA senator since 1963, Inouye was the most senior U.S. senator at the time of his death. He is the second-longest serving U.S. Senator in history after Robert Byrd. Inouye continuously represented Hawaii in the U.S. Congress since it achieved statehood in 1959 until the time of his death, serving as Hawaii's first U.S. Representative and later a senator. Inouye was the first Japanese American to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives and later the first in the U.S. Senate. Before then, he served in the Hawaii territorial house from 1954 to 1958 and the territorial senate from 1958 to 1959. He never lost an election in 58 years as an elected official. At the time of his death, Inouye was the second-oldest sitting U.S. senator, after Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey.
/m/08c9b0	Patrick Doyle is a Scottish film composer. A longtime collaborator of actor-director Kenneth Branagh, Doyle is known for his work composing for films such Henry V, Sense and Sensibility, Hamlet, and Gosford Park, as well as Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Eragon, Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Thor. Doyle has been nominated for two Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards, and is the recipient of the ASCAP Henry Mancini Award for \"outstanding achievements and contributions to the world of film and television music\".
/m/02l840	Kanye Omari West is an American hip hop recording artist, songwriter, record producer, film director, entrepreneur and fashion designer from Chicago, Illinois. West first gained prominence as a producer for Roc-A-Fella Records; he achieved recognition for his work on rapper Jay-Z's The Blueprint, as well as hit singles for musical artists including Alicia Keys, Ludacris, and Janet Jackson. His style of production originally used high-pitched vocal samples from soul songs incorporated with his own drums and instruments. He later broadened his influences to include 1970s R&B, baroque pop, trip hop, arena rock, folk, alternative, electronica, synthpop, industrial, and classical music.\nWest was raised in a middle-class household in Chicago, Illinois, and began rapping in the third grade, becoming involved in the city's hip hop scene. West attended art school for one semester before dropping out to pursue music entirely in the late 1990s. Although his real desire was to become a rapper, record executives did not take West seriously, viewing him as a producer first and foremost. After being signed to Roc-A-Fella in 2002, West released his debut album The College Dropout in 2004 to commercial and critical acclaim. The baroque-inspired Late Registration followed in 2005, and Graduation in 2007. West switched rapping for singing on his emotive 2008 effort 808's & Heartbreak, and embraced maximalism on 2010's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Following several collaborations, West released his sixth album, Yeezus, in 2013.
/m/01jkqfz	Asleep at the Wheel is an American country music group that was formed in Paw Paw, West Virginia, but based in Austin, Texas. Altogether, they have won nine Grammy Awards since their 1970 inception. In their career, they have released more than twenty studio albums, and have charted more than twenty singles on the Billboard country charts. Their highest-charting single, \"The Letter That Johnny Walker Read\", peaked at No. 10 in 1975.
/m/054ks3	Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song was awarded for the first time in 1962 and has been awarded annually since 1965 by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. The award is presented to the songwriters of a song written specifically for a motion picture. The performers of the song are not credited, unless they also have a writing or co-writing credit.
/m/09cdxn	Charles Bryant Lang, Jr., A.S.C. was an American cinematographer.\nEarly in his career, he worked with the Akeley camera, a gyroscope-mounted \"pancake\" camera designed by Carl Akeley for outdoor action shots. Lang's first credits were as co-cinematographer on the silent films The Night Patrol and The Loves of Ricardo.\nAfter completing Tom Sawyer for Paramount Pictures in 1930, he continued working at the studio for more than twenty years. The style of lighting he introduced in A Farewell to Arms became heavily identified with all of Paramount's films during the 1930s and 1940s, though he occasionally worked for other studios, for instance on The Ghost and Mrs. Muir.\nIn 1951, he began the second phase of his career, this time as a free-lance cinematographer. His credits include The Big Heat with Lee Marvin, Sabrina with Humphrey Bogart and William Holden, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral with Burt Lancaster and Kirk Douglas, The Matchmaker, Some Like It Hot with Marilyn Monroe and Jack Lemmon, The Magnificent Seven with Steve McQueen, One-Eyed Jacks with Marlon Brando, How the West Was Won in Cinerama, Charade with Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn, Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, and Butterflies Are Free.
/m/064f29	Gameloft S.A. is a video game developer and publisher headquartered in Paris, France. The company also has subsidiaries in 28 countries around the world. They primarily create games for mobile phone handsets and tablets equipped with Android, Bada, BlackBerry OS, BlackBerry 10, BREW, iOS, Java, Symbian OS and Windows Phone, Microsoft Windows RT. Gameloft also develops games for dedicated games consoles such as the Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DS, Sony PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, Wii and Xbox 360, as well as other platforms including HTML 5, Mac OS X, set-top box and WebOS.
/m/0bwh6	Clint Eastwood is an American actor, film director, producer and composer. He rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s, and as Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s. These roles, among others, have made him an enduring cultural icon of masculinity.\nFor his work in the films Unforgiven and Million Dollar Baby, Eastwood won Academy Awards for Best Director and Producer of the Best Picture, as well as receiving nominations for Best Actor. His greatest commercial successes have been Every Which Way But Loose and its sequel, Any Which Way You Can, after adjustment for inflation. Other popular films include Hang 'Em High, Play Misty for Me, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Escape from Alcatraz, Firefox, Tightrope, Pale Rider, Heartbreak Ridge, In the Line of Fire, The Bridges of Madison County, and Gran Torino.\nIn addition to directing many of his own star vehicles, Eastwood has also directed films in which he did not appear, such as Mystic River and Letters from Iwo Jima, for which he received Academy Award nominations, and Changeling. He received considerable critical praise in France, including for several films which were not well received in the United States, and he has been awarded two of France's highest honors: in 1994 he became a recipient of the French Republic's Commandeur of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and in 2007 he was awarded the Légion d'honneur medal. In 2000, he was awarded the Italian Venice Film Festival Golden Lion for lifetime achievement.
/m/0nbcg	A songwriter is an individual who originates songs, and can also be called a composer. The pressure to produce popular hits has tended to distribute responsibility between a number of people. Popular culture songs may be written by group members, but are now usually written by staff writers: songwriters directly employed by music publishers.\nSome songwriters serve as their own music publishers, while others have outside publishers. Furthermore, songwriters no longer need labels to support their music. Technology has advanced to the point where anyone can record at home.\nThe old-style apprenticeship approach to learning how to write songs is being supplemented by some universities and colleges and rock schools. A knowledge of modern music technology and business skills is seen as necessary to make a songwriting career, and music colleges offer songwriting diplomas and degrees with music business modules.\nSince songwriting and publishing royalties can be a substantial source of income, particularly if a song becomes a hit record, legally, in the US, songs written after 1934 may only be copied by the authors. The legal power to grant these permissions may be bought, sold or transferred. This is governed by international copyright law.
/m/02prwdh	Breakfast on Pluto is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Neil Jordan and based on the novel of the same name by Patrick McCabe, as adapted by Jordan and McCabe. This dark comedy stars Cillian Murphy as a transgender foundling searching for love and her long-lost mother in small town Ireland and London in the 1970s.
/m/01w4c9	A djembe is a rope-tuned skin-covered goblet drum played with bare hands, originally from West Africa. According to the Bamana people in Mali, the name of the djembe comes from the saying \"Anke djé, anke bé\" which translates to \"everyone gather together in peace\" and defines the drum's purpose. In the Bambara language, \"djé\" is the verb for \"gather\" and \"bé\" translates as \"peace\".\nThe djembe has a body carved of hardwood and a drumhead made of untreated rawhide, most commonly made from goatskin. Excluding rings, djembes have an exterior diameter of 30–38 cm and a height of 58–63 cm. The majority have a diameter in the 13 to 14 inch range. The weight of a djembe ranges from 5 kg to 13 kg and depends on size and shell material. A medium-size djembe carved from one of the traditional woods weighs around 9 kg.\nThe djembe can produce a wide variety of sounds, making it a most versatile drum. The drum is very loud, allowing it to be heard clearly as a solo instrument over a large percussion ensemble. The Malinké people say that a skilled drummer is one who \"can make the djembe talk\", meaning that the player can tell an emotional story.
/m/01g1lp	Gus Green Van Sant, Jr. is an American film director, screenwriter, painter, photographer, musician, and author. He is a two-time nominee of the Academy Award for Best Director—for Good Will Hunting and Milk, both of which were also nominated for Best Picture—and won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival for his film Elephant. He lives in Portland, Oregon.\nHis early career was devoted to directing television commercials in the Pacific Northwest. In his films, he has dealt with themes concerning homosexuality and other marginalized subcultures. His filmography as writer and director includes a 1994 adaptation of Tom Robbins' 1976 novel Even Cowgirls Get the Blues, which features a diverse cast; and My Own Private Idaho, also starring Reeves as well as River Phoenix.\nHe wrote the screenplays for most of his early movies, and wrote one novel, Pink. A book of his photography has also been published, called 108 Portraits.
/m/09n4nb	The 48th Annual Grammy Awards took place on February 8, 2006, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. Irish rock band U2 were the main recipients with five awards including Album of the Year. Mariah Carey, John Legend, and Kanye West were each nominated for eight awards and won three; Alison Krauss & Union Station also won three awards; and Kelly Clarkson won two. Green Day were amongst the big winners, winning the Grammy Award for Record of the Year.
/m/036k5h	Grey or gray is an intermediate color between black and white. Grey is a neutral or achromatic color, meaning literally that it is a color \"without color.\" It is the color of a cloud-covered sky, of ash and of lead.\nThe first recorded use of grey as a color name in the English language was in AD 700. Grey is the dominant spelling in European and Commonwealth English, although gray remained in common usage in the UK until the second half of the 20th century. Gray has been the preferred American spelling since approximately 1825, although grey is an accepted variant.
/m/087pfc	Click is a 2006 American comedy drama film directed by Frank Coraci, written by Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe, and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Kate Beckinsale and Christopher Walken. The film was released in the United States on June 23, 2006. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.\nSandler played an overworked architect who neglects his family. When he acquires a universal remote that enables him to \"fast forward\" through unpleasant or outright dull parts of his life, he soon learns that those seemingly bad bits contained vital parts of life's lessons. Filming began in late 2005 and was finished by early 2006. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/0m313	Shakespeare in Love is a 1998 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by John Madden, written by Marc Norman and playwright Tom Stoppard. The film depicts a love affair involving Viola de Lesseps and playwright William Shakespeare while he was writing the play Romeo and Juliet. The story is fiction, though several of the characters are based on real people. In addition, many of the characters, lines, and plot devices are references to Shakespeare's plays.\nShakespeare in Love won seven Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/0bs4r	The Bridge on the River Kwai is a 1957 British-American World War II film directed by David Lean, based on the eponymous French novel by Pierre Boulle. The film is a work of fiction but borrows the construction of the Burma Railway in 1942–43 for its historical setting. It stars William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness and Sessue Hayakawa. The film was filmed in Ceylon. The bridge in the film was located near Kitulgala.\nThe film achieved near-universal critical acclaim, winning seven Academy Awards at the 30th Academy Awards, and in 1997 this film was deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" and selected for preservation in the United States Library of Congress National Film Registry. It is widely considered to be one of the greatest films of all time.
/m/0bbgly	Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1935 film starring Charles Laughton and Clark Gable, and directed by Frank Lloyd based on the Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall novel Mutiny on the Bounty.\nThe film was one of the biggest hits of its time. Although its historical accuracy has been questioned, film critics consider this adaptation to be the best cinematic work inspired by the mutiny.
/m/0603qp	Larry Charles is an American writer, director, and producer. Charles is best known as a staff writer for the American sitcom Seinfeld for its first 5 seasons, contributing some of the show's darkest and most absurd storylines. He has also directed the films Borat, Religulous, Brüno, and The Dictator.
/m/0jgd	Argentina, officially the Argentine Republic is a federal republic located in southeastern South America. Covering most of the Southern Cone, it is bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north; Brazil to the northeast; Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east; Chile to the west and the Drake Passage to the south.\nWith a mainland area of 2,780,400 km², Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world, the second largest in Latin America and the largest Spanish-speaking nation. Argentina claims sovereignty over part of Antarctica, the Falkland Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.\nA historical and current middle power and a prominent Latin American and Southern Cone regional power, Argentina is one of the G-15 and G-20 major economies and Latin America's third-largest. It is also a founding member of the United Nations, WBG, WTO, Mercosur, UNASUR, CELAC and OEI. Because of its stability, market size and increasing share of the high-tech sector, Argentina is classed by investors as a middle emerging economy with a \"very high\" rating on the Human Development Index.
/m/025rvx0	Empire of the Sun is a 1987 American coming of age war film based on J. G. Ballard's semi-autobiographical novel of the same name. Steven Spielberg directed the film, which stars Christian Bale, John Malkovich, Miranda Richardson, and Nigel Havers. The film tells the story of Jamie \"Jim\" Graham, a young boy who goes from living in a wealthy British family in Shanghai, to becoming a prisoner of war in a Japanese internment camp, during World War II.\nHarold Becker and David Lean were originally to direct before Spielberg came on board, initially as a producer for Lean. Spielberg was attracted to directing the film because of a personal connection to Lean's films and World War II topics. He considers it to be his most profound work on \"the loss of innocence\". The film received critical acclaim but was not initially a box office success, earning only $22,238,696 at the US box office, but it eventually more than recouped its budget through revenues in other markets.
/m/017g2y	Edward Goldenberg Robinson was a Romanian-born American actor. A popular star during Hollywood's Golden Age, he is best remembered for his roles as gangsters, such as Rico in his star-making film Little Caesar and as Rocco in Key Largo.\nOther memorable roles include insurance investigator Barton Keyes in the film noir Double Indemnity, Dathan in The Ten Commandments, and his final performance as Sol Roth in the science-fiction story Soylent Green.\nRobinson was selected for an Honorary Academy Award for his work in the film industry, which was posthumously awarded two months after the actor's death in 1973. He was included at #24 in the American Film Institute's list of the 25 greatest male stars in American cinema.
/m/019bk0	The 45th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 23, 2003 at Madison Square Garden, New York City. Musicians accomplishments from the previous year were recognized. Norah Jones was the main recipient with five awards, Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Best New Artist, Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album.
/m/046lt	James Douglas Muir \"Jay\" Leno is an American comedian, actor, voice actor, writer, producer and television host.\nLeno was the host of NBC's The Tonight Show with Jay Leno from 1992 to 2009. Beginning in September 2009, Leno started a primetime talk show, titled The Jay Leno Show, which aired weeknights at 10:00 p.m., also on NBC. After The Jay Leno Show was canceled in January 2010 amid a host controversy, Leno returned to host The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on March 1, 2010. Leno hosted his last episode of the Tonight Show on February 6, 2014. That same year, he was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.
/m/03jsvl	Roots rock is rock music that looks back to rock's origins in folk, blues and country music. It is particularly associated with the creation of hybrid sub-genres from the later 1960s including country rock and Southern rock, which have been seen as responses to the perceived excesses of dominant psychedelic and developing progressive rock. Because roots music is often used to mean folk and world musical forms, roots rock is sometimes used in a broad sense to describe any rock music that incorporates elements of this music. In the 1980s roots rock enjoyed a revival in response to trends in punk rock, New Wave and heavy metal music.
/m/04x4s2	David Chase is an American writer, director and television producer. Chase has worked in television for more than 30 years; he has produced and written for such shows as The Rockford Files, I'll Fly Away, and Northern Exposure. He has created two original series; the first, Almost Grown, aired for 10 episodes in 1988 and 1989. Chase is best known for his second original series, the extremely influential and critically acclaimed HBO drama The Sopranos, which aired for six seasons between 1999 and 2007. A prominent figure in American television, Chase has won seven Emmy Awards.
/m/0ft18	Casablanca is a 1942 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and based on Murray Burnett and Joan Alison's un-produced stage play Everybody Comes to Rick's. The film stars Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, and Paul Henreid; and features Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, and Dooley Wilson. Set during World War II, it focuses on a man torn between, in the words of one character, \"love and virtue\". He must choose between his love for a woman and helping her Czech Resistance leader husband escape the Vichy-controlled Moroccan city of Casablanca to continue his fight against the Nazis.\nStory editor Irene Diamond convinced producer Hal Wallis to purchase the film rights to the play in January 1942. Brothers Julius J. and Philip G. Epstein were initially assigned to write the script. However, despite studio resistance, they left after the attack on Pearl Harbor to work on Frank Capra's Why We Fight series. Howard Koch was assigned to the screenplay until the Epsteins returned. Casey Robinson assisted with three weeks of rewrites, but his work would later go uncredited. Wallis chose Curtiz to direct the film after his first choice, William Wyler, became unavailable. Filming began on May 25, 1942, and ended on August 3, and was shot entirely at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, with the exception of one sequence at Van Nuys Airport in Van Nuys.
/m/0g3zrd	Public Enemies is a 2009 American biographical crime drama film directed by Michael Mann and written by Mann, Ronan Bennett and Ann Biderman. It is an adaptation of Bryan Burrough's non-fiction book Public Enemies: America's Greatest Crime Wave and the Birth of the FBI, 1933–34. Set during the Great Depression, the film chronicles the final years of the notorious bank robber John Dillinger as he is pursued by FBI agent Melvin Purvis, Dillinger's relationship with Billie Frechette, as well as Purvis' pursuit of Dillinger's associates and fellow criminals Homer Van Meter and Baby Face Nelson.\nBurrough originally intended to make a television miniseries about the Depression-era crime wave in the United States, but decided to write a book on the subject instead. Mann developed the project, and some scenes were filmed on location where certain events depicted in the film occurred, though the film is not entirely historically accurate.
/m/02q9kqf	Chris Newman is a sound mixer and director. His film credits include The Godfather, Amadeus, The Exorcist, The Silence of the Lambs, and The English Patient.\nHe has won three Academy Awards for Best Sound and was nominated for five more in the same category.\nNewman resides in the U.S. state of New Jersey, and teaches at the School of Visual Arts, New York.
/m/071t0	A shooting sport is a competitive sport involving tests of proficiency using various types of guns such as firearms and airguns. Hunting is also a shooting sport, and indeed shooting live pheasants was an Olympic event. The shooting sports are categorized by the type of firearm, targets, and distances at which the targets are shot from.
/m/0d060g	Canada is a country in North America consisting of 10 provinces and 3 territories. Located in the northern part of the continent, it extends from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean. At 9.98 million square kilometres in total, Canada is the world's second-largest country by total area, and its common border with the United States is the world's longest land border shared by the same two countries.\nThe land that is now Canada has been inhabited for millennia by various Aboriginal peoples. Beginning in the late 15th century, British and French colonies were established on the region's Atlantic coast. As a consequence of various conflicts, the United Kingdom gained and lost North American territories until left in the late 18th century with what mostly comprises Canada today. On July 1, 1867, three British colonies joined to form the federal dominion of Canada. Other colonies subsequently joined and the remainder of Britain's lands were transferred to Canada.\nCanada is a federal parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy, with Queen Elizabeth II as its head of state. The country is officially bilingual at the federal level. It is one of the world's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations, the product of large-scale immigration from many countries, with a population of approximately 35 million as of December 2012. Its advanced economy is one of the largest in the world, relying chiefly upon its abundant natural resources and well-developed trade networks. Canada's long and complex relationship with the United States has had a significant impact on its economy and culture.
/m/02lmk	Erwin Johannes Eugen Rommel, popularly known as the Desert Fox, was a German Field Marshal of World War II. He earned the respect of both his own troops and his enemies.\nRommel was a highly decorated officer in World War I and was awarded the Pour le Mérite for his exploits on the Italian Front. In World War II, he further distinguished himself as the commander of the 7th Panzer Division during the 1940 invasion of France. His leadership of German and Italian forces in the North African campaign established him as one of the most able commanders of the war, and earned him the appellation of the Desert Fox. He is regarded as one of the most skilled commanders of desert warfare in the conflict. He later commanded the German forces opposing the Allied cross-channel invasion of Normandy. His assignments never took him to the Eastern Front.\nRommel is regarded as having been a humane and professional officer. His Afrika Korps was never accused of war crimes, and soldiers captured during his Africa campaign were reported to have been treated humanely. Orders to kill Jewish soldiers, civilians and captured commandos were ignored. Late in the war, Rommel was linked to the conspiracy to assassinate Adolf Hitler. Because Rommel was a national hero, Hitler desired to eliminate him quietly. He forced Rommel to commit suicide with a cyanide pill, in return for assurances that Rommel's family would not be persecuted following his death. He was given a state funeral, and it was announced that Rommel had succumbed to his injuries from an earlier strafing of his staff car in Normandy.
/m/0b_dy	Albert Finney is an English actor. Beginning in the theatre, Finney was especially successful in plays by William Shakespeare before he switched to films. He achieved prominence in films in the early 1960s, his debut being The Entertainer, directed by Tony Richardson, who had directed him in theatre plays various times before. He became a leading Free Cinema figure, and has maintained a successful career in theatre, film and television. He is known for his roles in Saturday Night and Sunday Morning, Tom Jones, Miller's Crossing, Big Fish, The Bourne Ultimatum, Annie, and, in 2012, The Bourne Legacy and the James Bond film, Skyfall.\nA recipient of BAFTA, Golden Globe, Emmy and Screen Actors Guild Awards, Finney has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor four times, for Tom Jones, Murder on the Orient Express, The Dresser, and Under the Volcano; and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Erin Brockovich.
/m/01fv4z	Kagoshima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of Kyushu. The capital is the city of Kagoshima.
/m/07j94	The Sixth Sense is a 1999 American supernatural thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. The film tells the story of Cole Sear, a troubled, isolated boy who is able to see and talk to the dead, and an equally troubled child psychologist who tries to help him. The film established Shyamalan as a writer and director, and introduced the cinema public to his traits, most notably his affinity for surprise endings. The film was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
/m/03j0br4	Sheila Escovedo, known by her stage name Sheila E., is a Grammy nominated American singer, drummer, and percussionist whose notable collaborators include Billy Cobham, Lionel Richie, George Duke, Prince, Ringo Starr, Gloria Estefan, Jennifer Lopez, Beyonce, Hans Zimmer and Kanye West.
/m/0n5yh	Hillsborough County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 400,721. Its county seats are Manchester and Nashua. Hillsborough is northern New England's most populous county as well as its most densely populated.
/m/0z20d	Akron is the fifth largest city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Summit County. It is located in the Great Lakes region approximately 39 miles south of Lake Erie along the Little Cuyahoga River. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 199,110. The Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area covers Summit and Portage counties, and in 2010 had a population of 703,200. Akron is also part of the larger Cleveland-Akron-Elyria Combined Statistical Area, which in 2010 had a population of 2,780,440.\nAkron was co-founded in 1825 when suggested by Paul Williams to Simon Perkins. In 1833, \"South\" was temporarily added to the name when Eliakim Crosby settled a bordering North Akron. After Summit County formed from portions of Portage, Medina, and Stark counties in 1840, Akron succeeded Cuyahoga Falls as county seat a year later. The Akron School Law of 1847 created the K-12 system. In 1851, Sojourner Truth attended a convention and extemporaneously delivered the original \"Ain't I a Woman?\" speech. During the Civil War, Ferdinand Schumacher supplied the Union Army with oats produced by his mill along the Ohio Canal. Between the 1870s and World War I, numerous churches across the nation were built using the Akron Plan.
/m/02x1z2s	The Satellite Award for Best Animated or Mixed Media Feature is an annual Satellite Award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/03n08b	Seann William Scott is an American comedic actor who is best known for playing the role of Steve Stifler in the American Pie series. He also played roles in the films Final Destination, Road Trip, Dude, Where's My Car?, Evolution, Bulletproof Monk, The Rundown, The Dukes of Hazzard, Role Models, Cop Out, and Goon.
/m/0js9s	Sir Peter Robert Jackson ONZ KNZM is a New Zealand film director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for The Lord of the Rings trilogy and its prequel The Hobbit trilogy, which are adapted from the novels of the same name by J. R. R. Tolkien. Other notable films include Heavenly Creatures, Forgotten Silver, The Frighteners, King Kong and The Lovely Bones. He also produced District 9, The Adventures of Tintin and the documentary West of Memphis.\nJackson began his career with the \"splatstick\" horror comedies Bad Taste the black comedy Meet the Feebles before filming Braindead. He shared an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay nomination with his partner Fran Walsh for the film Heavenly Creatures, which brought him to mainstream prominence in the film industry. Jackson has been awarded three Academy Awards in his career, including the award for Best Director in 2003, and has been nominated for nine Academy Awards overall. He has also received a Golden Globe, four Saturn Awards and three BAFTAs amongst others.\nHis production company is Wingnut Films, and his most regular collaborators are co-writers and producers Walsh and Philippa Boyens. Jackson was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2002. He was later knighted by Anand Satyanand, the Governor-General of New Zealand, at a ceremony in Wellington in April 2010.
/m/031n8c	The New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Massachusetts, is the oldest independent school of music in the United States.\nThe conservatory, located on Huntington Avenue of the Arts near Boston Symphony Hall, is home each year to 750 students pursuing undergraduate and graduate studies along with 1400 more in its Preparatory School as well as the School of Continuing Education. At the collegiate level, NEC offers the Bachelor of Music, Master of Music, and Doctor of Musical Arts, as well as the Undergraduate Diploma, Graduate Diploma, and Artist Diploma. Also offered are five-year joint double-degree programs with Harvard University and Tufts University.\nNEC is the only music school in the United States designated as a National Historic Landmark. Its primary concert hall, Jordan Hall, hosts approximately 600 concerts each year.
/m/03shp	Iran, also known as Persia, officially the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1980, is a country in Western Asia. It is bordered on the north by Armenia, Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan, with Kazakhstan and Russia across the Caspian Sea; on the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan; on the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman; on the west by Iraq; and on the northwest by Turkey. Comprising a land area of 1,648,195 km², it is the second-largest nation in the Middle East and the 18th-largest in the world; with over 77 million inhabitants, Iran is the world's 17th most populous nation. It is the only country that has both a Caspian Sea and Indian Ocean coastline. Iran has been of geostrategic importance because of its central location in Eurasia and Western Asia and the Strait of Hormuz.\nIran is home to one of the world's oldest civilizations, beginning with the formation of the Proto-Elamite and Elamite kingdom in 3200 – 2800 BCE. The Iranian Medes unified the country into the first of many empires in 625 BCE, after which it became the dominant cultural and political power in the region. Iran reached the pinnacle of its power during the Achaemenid Empire founded by Cyrus the Great in 550 BCE, which at its greatest extent comprised major portions of the ancient world, stretching from the Indus Valley in the east, to Thrace and Macedon on the northeastern border of Greece, making it the largest empire the world had yet seen. The empire collapsed in 330 BCE following the conquests of Alexander the Great. The area eventually regained influence under the Parthian Empire and rose to prominence once more after the establishment of the Sasanian dynasty in 224 CE, under which Iran became one of the leading powers of Western and Central Asia for the next four centuries.
/m/015gw6	Sir Alan Arthur Bates, CBE was an English actor who came to prominence in the 1960s, a time of high creativity in British cinema, when he appeared in films ranging from the popular children's story Whistle Down the Wind to the \"kitchen sink\" drama A Kind of Loving. He is also known for his performance with Anthony Quinn in Zorba the Greek, as well as his roles in King of Hearts, Georgy Girl, Far From the Madding Crowd, and The Fixer, which gave him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. In 1969, he starred in the Ken Russell film Women in Love with Oliver Reed and Glenda Jackson.\nBates went on to star in The Go-Between, An Unmarried Woman, Nijinsky, and The Rose with Bette Midler, as well as playing varied roles in television drama, including The Mayor of Casterbridge, Harold Pinter's The Collection, A Voyage Round My Father, An Englishman Abroad, and Pack of Lies. He also continued to appear on the stage, notably in the plays of Simon Gray, such as Butley and Otherwise Engaged.
/m/02_01w	Glenn Ford was a Canadian-born American actor from Hollywood's Golden Era with a career that lasted over 50 years. Despite his versatility, Ford was best known for playing ordinary men in unusual circumstances.
/m/02k21g	Maya Khabira Rudolph is an American actress and comedian. She rose to prominence on the NBC television show Saturday Night Live, where she was a cast member from 2000 to 2007. She has also starred in films such as Idiocracy, Away We Go, Grown Ups, Bridesmaids, and Grown Ups 2. She starred as Ava Alexander in the NBC sitcom Up All Night from 2011 to 2013.
/m/03crmd	Greta Scacchi is an Italian-Australian actress.
/m/02wb6d	Franz Waxman was a German-born, Jewish-American composer, known primarily for his work in the film music genre. Waxman was the composer of such film scores as The Bride of Frankenstein, Rebecca, and Rear Window. He also composed concert works, including the oratorio Joshua, and The Song of Terezin, a work for orchestra, chorus, and children's chorus based upon poetry written by children in the Theresienstadt concentration camp during World War II. Waxman also founded the Los Angeles Music Festival in 1947 with which he conducted a number of West Coast premieres by fellow film composers, and concert composers alike.
/m/0hkwr	Dietary fiber, dietary fibre, or sometimes roughage and ruffage is the indigestible portion of food derived from plants and waste of animals that eat dietary fiber.\nThere are two main components:\nSoluble fiber dissolves in water. It is readily fermented in the colon into gases and physiologically active byproducts, and can be prebiotic and/or viscous. Soluble fibers tend to slow the movement of food through the system.\nInsoluble fiber does not dissolve in water. It can be metabolically inert and provide bulking or prebiotic, metabolically fermenting in the large intestine. Bulking fibers absorb water as they move through the digestive system, easing defecation. Fermentable insoluble fibers mildly promote stool regularity, although not to the extent that bulking fibers do, but they can be readily fermented in the colon into gases and physiologically active byproducts. Insoluble fibers tend to accelerate the movement of food through the system.\nDietary fibers can act by changing the nature of the contents of the gastrointestinal tract and by changing how other nutrients and chemicals are absorbed. Some types of soluble fiber absorb water to become a gelatinous, viscous substance which is fermented by bacteria in the digestive tract. Some types of insoluble fiber have bulking action and are not fermented. Lignin, a major dietary insoluble fiber source, may alter the rate and metabolism of soluble fibers. Other types of insoluble fiber, notably resistant starch, are fully fermented.
/m/05pd94v	The 52nd Annual Grammy Awards took place on January 31, 2010, at Staples Center in Los Angeles. Neil Young was honored as the 2010 MusiCares Person of the Year on January 29, two days prior to the Grammy telecast. The show was moved to January to avoid competing against the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Only ten of the 109 awards were received during the broadcast. The remaining awards were given during the un-televised portion of the ceremony which preceded the broadcast.\nBeyoncé, who also received the most nominations, with ten, won a total of six awards breaking the record for most wins by a female artist in one night. Taylor Swift won four while The Black Eyed Peas, Jay-Z and Kings of Leon won three. Artists who won two awards include A. R. Rahman, Colbie Caillat, Eminem, Kanye West, Lady Gaga, Maxwell, Jason Mraz and Rihanna. Judas Priest, AC/DC, and Imogen Heap each won a Grammy for the first time in their careers.\nTaylor Swift's Fearless was awarded the Grammy Award for Album of the Year, the youngest to win the award at age 20. \"Use Somebody\" by rock band Kings of Leon won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year, while \"Single Ladies\" by songwriters Thaddis Harrell, Beyoncé Knowles, Terius Nash and Christopher Stewart, was honored with Grammy Award for Song of the Year. Zac Brown Band was presented with the Grammy Award for Best New Artist, becoming the fourth country music act to ever win the award. They follow behind LeAnn Rimes in 1997, Shelby Lynne in 2001 and Carrie Underwood in 2007.
/m/0blpg	Everyone Says I Love You is a 1996 American musical comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen, who also stars in the film, alongside Julia Roberts, Alan Alda, Edward Norton, Drew Barrymore, Gaby Hoffmann, Tim Roth, Goldie Hawn, Natasha Lyonne and Natalie Portman.\nSet in New York City, Venice, and Paris, the film features singing by actors not usually known for their singing. It is among the more critically successful of Allen's later films, although it did not do well commercially. Chicago Sun-Times critic Roger Ebert ranked it as one of Allen's best.
/m/0gh65c5	Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German drama and science fiction film written, produced and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer. Adapted from the 2004 novel by David Mitchell, the film features multiple plotlines set across six different eras. The official synopsis for Cloud Atlas describes the film as: \"An exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution.\"\nDuring four years of development, the project met difficulties securing financial support; it was eventually produced with a $102 million budget provided by independent sources, making Cloud Atlas one of the most expensive independent films of all time. Production began in September 2011 at Studio Babelsberg in Potsdam-Babelsberg, Germany.\nCloud Atlas premiered on 9 September 2012 at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and was released on 26 October 2012 in conventional and IMAX cinemas. It polarized critics, and has subsequently been included on various Best Film and Worst Film lists. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score for Tykwer, Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heil. It also received several nominations of the Saturn Awards including Best Science Fiction Film, winning for Best Editing and Best Make-up.
/m/0794g	Sandra Annette Bullock is an American actress and producer. She rose to fame in the 1990s with roles in films such as Demolition Man, Speed, The Net, While You Were Sleeping, A Time to Kill, and Hope Floats. In the new millennium, Bullock starred in Miss Congeniality, Two Weeks Notice, The Lake House, and the critically acclaimed Crash. In 2007, she was ranked as the 14th richest woman in the entertainment industry with an estimated fortune of $85 million. In 2009, Bullock starred in two of the more financially successful films of her career, The Proposal and The Blind Side. Bullock was awarded the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role, Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Leigh Anne Tuohy in The Blind Side.\nShe is listed in the 2012 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records as the highest-paid actress, with $56 million. In 2013, she starred in The Heat, financially the most successful comedy of the year at the domestic box office, and Gravity, which was released on October 4, 2013 to coincide with the beginning of World Space Week. As one of the highest grossing films of the year, Gravity is Bullock's most successful film critically and commercially. For her role as Dr. Ryan Stone in Gravity, Bullock was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role, BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama.
/m/03x22w	Emilie de Ravin is an Australian actress. She is best known for her roles as Tess Harding on Roswell and Claire Littleton on the ABC drama Lost. In 2012 she guest-starred as Belle on the ABC drama Once Upon a Time and became a series regular beginning in the show's second season. She was originally to play Anthony LaPaglia's daughter in the potential ABC drama, Americana.\nDe Ravin's film credits include Santa's Slay, The Hills Have Eyes and Ball Don't Lie. She starred as Brendan Frye's heroin-addicted ex-girlfriend Emily in the neo-noir film Brick. She had a small cameo in Public Enemies and more recently starred in Remember Me. De Ravin was included on Maxim's Hot 100 list three times: in 2005, on #47, the next year on #65, and in 2008 on #68.
/m/013mzh	Port Arthur is a city in Jefferson County within the Beaumont−Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area of the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 53,818 at the 2010 census.\nPort Arthur was founded by Arthur Stilwell in 1895, on the western bank of Sabine Lake, and incorporated in 1898. The Rainbow Bridge across the Neches River connects Port Arthur to Bridge City.
/m/07r1h	Tom Cruise, is an American film actor and producer. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards. He started his career at age 19 in the 1981 film Endless Love. After portraying supporting roles in Taps and The Outsiders, his first leading role was in Risky Business, released in August 1983. Cruise became a full-fledged movie star after starring in Top Gun. He is well known for his role as secret agent Ethan Hunt in the Mission: Impossible film series between 1996 and 2011.\nCruise has starred in many Hollywood blockbusters, including The Color of Money, Cocktail, Rain Man, Born on the Fourth of July, Far and Away, A Few Good Men, The Firm, Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles, Jerry Maguire, Eyes Wide Shut, Magnolia, Vanilla Sky, Minority Report, The Last Samurai, Collateral, War of the Worlds, Valkyrie, Knight and Day, Jack Reacher and Oblivion. In 2012, Cruise was Hollywood's highest-paid actor. Fourteen of his films grossed over $100 million domestically; twenty have grossed in excess of $200 million worldwide.
/m/034lk7	Staunton is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 23,746. It is the county seat of surrounding Augusta County, although the two are separate jurisdictions.\nStaunton is a principal city of the Staunton-Waynesboro Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2010 population of 118,502.\nStaunton is known for being the birthplace of Woodrow Wilson, the 28th U.S. president, and the home of Mary Baldwin College, historically a women's college. The city is also home to Stuart Hall, a private co-ed preparatory school, as well as the Virginia School for the Deaf and Blind.
/m/0pvms	That Thing You Do! is a 1996 musical comedy film written and directed by Tom Hanks. Set in the summer of 1964, the movie tells the story of the quick rise and fall of a one-hit wonder pop band. The film also resulted in a musical hit with the song \"That Thing You Do\".
/m/0133_p	Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll that was first popular in the United States and Canada from about 1963 to 1967. Its name derives from the perception that many often rehearsed in a family garage.\nThe style was characterised by lyrics and delivery that were more aggressive and unsophisticated than in commercial pop music at the time, often, for instance, using guitars distorted through a fuzzbox. It began to evolve from regional scenes as early as 1958, heavily influenced by surf rock. The \"British Invasion\" of 1964-66 greatly influenced garage bands, providing them with a national audience. Thousands of garage bands were extant in the USA and Canada during the era; hundreds produced regional hits, and a handful had national chart hits. By 1968 the style largely disappeared from the national charts. It was also disappearing at the local level as amateur musicians faced college, work or the draft. During the 1960s, it was not recognized as a separate music genre and had no specific name.\nIn the 1970s, some critics referred to the style as punk rock, the first form of music to bear this description; although it is sometimes called garage punk, protopunk, or 1960s punk, the style has predominantly been referred to as garage rock.
/m/0b_6jz	The 1983 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 52 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 2, 1983, and ended with the championship game on April 4 at The Pit, then officially known as University Arena, on the campus of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque. A total of 51 games were played.\nNorth Carolina State, coached by Jim Valvano, won the national title with a 54-52 victory in the final game over Houston, coached by Guy Lewis. The ending of the final is one of the most famous in college basketball history, with Lorenzo Charles' dunk at the buzzer off a high, arching air ball from 30 feet out by Dereck Whittenburg providing the final margin. This contributed to the nickname given to North Carolina State, the \"Cardiac Pack\", a reference to their often close games that came down to the wire — in fact, the team won 7 of its last 9 games after trailing with a minute left in the game. Both Charles' dunk and Valvano's running around the court in celebration immediately after the game have been staples of NCAA tournament coverage ever since. North Carolina State's victory has often been considered one of the greatest upsets in college basketball history.
/m/03c7tr1	The Razzie Award for Worst Actress is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst actress of the previous year. The humorous nature of the award also leads to nominations for actors performing in drag, and groups such as the Spice Girls and the protagonists of Bratz: The Movie and Sex and the City 2. The following is a list of recipients and nominees of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated.\nThe actress with most Razzies is Madonna with five. Other actresses with multiple wins are Bo Derek with three wins, and Pia Zadora, Sharon Stone and Demi Moore with two each.\nOnly two winners of the award have actually shown up and accepted their awards in person, Halle Berry for Catwoman and Sandra Bullock for All About Steve; both were also winners of the Academy Award for Best Actress, the former for Monster's Ball, and the latter for The Blind Side, which she won the following night.\nCurrently, Tyler Perry is the only actor to be nominated in this category more than once.
/m/06nfl	Sonic Team Corp. is a Japanese computer and video game developer established in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan in 1990, originally known as Sega AM8. The Japan-based division is also known as G.E. Department Global Entertainment. The studio has worked with several in-house Japanese studios as well as other American-based studios such as STI and Visual Concepts. Sonic Team are best known for the Sonic the Hedgehog series. The American division was discontinued in 2008.
/m/03swmf	Ronald Arthur \"Ron\" Silver was an American actor, director, producer, radio host and political activist.
/m/02qzmz6	Sliver is a 1993 film based on the Ira Levin novel of the same name about the mysterious occurrences in a privately owned New York highrise apartment building. Phillip Noyce directed the film, from a screenplay by Joe Eszterhas. Because of a major battle with the MPAA, the filmmakers were forced to make extensive reshoots before release. These reshoots actually necessitated changing the killer's identity. The film stars Sharon Stone, William Baldwin and Tom Berenger.\nAccording to the movie, the tall and narrow sliver building is located at 113 East 38th Street in Manhattan, placing it at 38th Street and Park Avenue. The actual building used in the film is known as Morgan Court, located at 211 Madison Avenue New York, one block west and two blocks south of the fictional address. The building has since become a condominium development. It was built in 1985 and has 32 floors. While the movie made use of the building's courtyard, the lobby was a Los Angeles film set.
/m/02plv57	The Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team is the men's college basketball program representing the University of Louisville in the American Athletic Conference of NCAA Division I. The Cardinals have won three NCAA championships and have been to 10 Final Fours in 39 NCAA tournament appearances while compiling 70 tournament wins.
/m/01w724	William Everett \"Billy\" Preston was an American musician whose work included R&B, rock, soul, funk and gospel. Preston became famous first as a session musician with artists including Little Richard, Sam Cooke, Ray Charles and the Beatles, and was later successful as a solo artist with hit pop singles including \"Outa-Space\", its sequel, \"Space Race\", \"Will It Go Round in Circles\" and \"Nothing from Nothing\", and a string of albums and guest appearances with Eric Clapton, the Red Hot Chili Peppers and others. In addition, Preston was co-author, with The Beach Boys' Dennis Wilson, of \"You Are So Beautiful,\" recorded by Preston and later a #5 hit for Joe Cocker.\nAlongside Tony Sheridan, Billy Preston was the only other musician to be credited on a Beatles recording: the artists on the number-one hit \"Get Back\" are given as \"The Beatles with Billy Preston\". Stephen Stills asked Preston if he could use Preston's phrase \"if you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with\" and created the hit song.
/m/01l7qw	William \"Billy\" Connolly, CBE is a Scottish comedian, musician, presenter and actor. He is sometimes known, especially in his native Scotland, by the nickname \"The Big Yin\". His first trade, in the early 1960s, was as a welder in the Glasgow shipyards, but he gave it up towards the end of the decade to pursue a career as a folk singer in the Humblebums and subsequently as a soloist. In the early 1970s, he made the transition from folk-singer with a comedic persona to full-fledged comedian.\nConnolly is also an actor and has appeared in such films as Water; Indecent Proposal; Muppet Treasure Island; Mrs. Brown, for which he was nominated for a BAFTA; The Boondock Saints; The Man Who Sued God; The Last Samurai; Timeline; Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events; Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties; Open Season; The X-Files: I Want to Believe; and Open Season 2. Connolly reprised his role as Noah \"Il Duce\" MacManus in The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day. Connolly appears as the King of Lilliput in the 2010 remake of Gulliver's Travels. Connolly provides the voice for King Fergus in Pixar's Brave.
/m/0f4m2z	The Name of the Rose is a 1986 film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud, based on the book of the same name by Umberto Eco. Sean Connery is the Franciscan friar William of Baskerville and Christian Slater is his apprentice Adso of Melk, who are called upon to solve a deadly mystery in a medieval abbey.
/m/0q9vf	Michael Anthony Richards is an American actor, comedian, writer and television producer, best known for his portrayal of Cosmo Kramer on the television sitcom Seinfeld, for which he received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series three times.\nRichards began his career as a stand-up comedian, first entering the national spotlight when he was featured on Billy Crystal's first cable TV special. He went on to become a series regular on ABC's Fridays. Prior to Seinfeld, he made numerous guest appearances on a variety of television shows including Cheers, Night Court, Miami Vice and St. Elsewhere. His film credits include So I Married an Axe Murderer, Airheads, Young Doctors in Love, Problem Child, Coneheads, UHF, and Trial and Error, one of his few starring roles. During the run of Seinfeld, he made a guest appearance in Mad About You. After Seinfeld, Richards starred in his own sitcom, The Michael Richards Show, which lasted less than one full season.\nAfter Seinfeld ended, Richards performed stand-up comedy. After inciting media furor for losing his temper and repeatedly shouting \"nigger\" at an African American heckler in late 2006, Richards announced his retirement from stand-up in 2007. Richards appeared as himself in the seventh season of Curb Your Enthusiasm in 2009, acting alongside his fellow cast members for the first time since Seinfeld's finale.
/m/027j79k	Christopher \"Chris\" Sheridan is an American television writer, producer, and occasional voice actor. Born in the Philippines, Sheridan grew up in New Hampshire. He attended Gilford High School, where he decided that he wanted to become a writer. After graduating from Union College, he moved back to his home, where he worked at several short-term jobs before relocating to California to start his career. His first job came in 1992 when he was hired as a writer's assistant for the Fox sitcom Shaky Ground. Following that, he was hired as an assistant on Living Single, a Fox sitcom, where he was eventually promoted to writer. He stayed with the show until its cancellation in 1998.\nAfter the show was cancelled and Sheridan became unemployed, he began writing for the animated television series Family Guy. Although initially skeptical, he accepted the job as he did not have other options. Sheridan was one of the first writers hired, and has continued to write for the show through its eleventh season. For his work on Family Guy, he has been nominated for five Primetime Emmy Awards, a British Academy Television Award, and has won a DVD Exclusive Award. Sheridan has also written episodes of Titus and Yes, Dear. He is divorced and has one daughter.
/m/07jmnh	Kulbhushan Kharbanda is an Indian actor, who worked in Hindi and Punjabi films. He is better known for his role as antagonist Shakaal in Shaan inspired by the character of Blofeld from James Bond movies. Starting with Delhi-based theatre group Yatrik in the 1960s, he moved to films with Sai Paranjpye's Jadu Ka Shankh in 1974, he worked in several parallel cinema films, before working in mainstream Bollywood. He later appeared in Mahesh Bhatt's classic, Arth, Ek Chadar Maili Si, and in all three parts of Deepa Mehta's Elements trilogy, Fire, Earth, and Water. After nearly two decades he was seen on the theatre stage in Padatik Theatre, Kolkata's production, Atmakatha, directed by Vinay Sharma.
/m/06wrt	Sailing is the propulsion of a vehicle and the control of its movement with large foils called sails. By changing the rigging, rudder, and sometimes the keel or centreboard, a sailor manages the force of the wind on the sails in order to move the vessel relative to its surrounding medium and change its direction and speed. Mastery of the skill requires experience in varying wind and sea conditions, as well as knowledge concerning sailboats themselves and an understanding of one's surroundings.\nWhile there are still some places in the world where sail-powered passenger, fishing and trading vessels are used, these craft have become rarer as internal combustion engines have become economically viable in even the poorest and most remote areas. In most countries sailing is enjoyed as a recreational activity or as a sport. Recreational sailing or yachting can be divided into racing and cruising. Cruising can include extended offshore and ocean-crossing trips, coastal sailing within sight of land, and daysailing.
/m/04jly7r	The CWA New Blood Dagger is an annual award given by the British Crime Writers' Association for first books by previously unpublished writers. It is given in memory of CWA founder John Creasey and was previously known as The John Creasey Memorial Award.Publisher Chivers Press was the sponsor from the award's introduction in 1973 to 2002. BBC Audiobooks was the sponsor since 2003.
/m/0fq9zdn	The British Independent Film Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a British Independent Film is an annual award given to the Best Actress who starred in a British independent film. The award was introduced in 1998.
/m/02vnmc9	Funny Girl is a 1968 romantic musical film directed by William Wyler. The screenplay by Isobel Lennart was adapted from her book for the stage musical of the same title. It is loosely based on the life and career of Broadway and film star and comedienne Fanny Brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler Nicky Arnstein.\nThe film was produced by Brice's son-in-law, Ray Stark. The score is by Bob Merrill and Jule Styne.\nBarbra Streisand, reprising her Broadway role, shared the Academy Award for Best Actress with Katharine Hepburn for The Lion in Winter.\nIn 2006, the American Film Institute ranked the film #16 on its list commemorating AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals. Previously it had ranked the film #41 in its 2002 list of 100 Years ... 100 Passions, the songs \"People\" and \"Don't Rain on My Parade\" at #13 and #46, respectively, in its 2004 list of 100 Years ... 100 Songs, and the line \"Hello, gorgeous\" at #81 in its 2005 list of 100 Years ... 100 Movie Quotes.
/m/019l68	Shelley Winters was an American actress who appeared in dozens of films, as well as on stage and television; her career spanned over 50 years until her death in 2006. Winters won Academy Awards for The Diary of Anne Frank and A Patch of Blue, and is also remembered for her roles in A Place in the Sun, The Big Knife, Lolita, The Night of the Hunter, Alfie, and The Poseidon Adventure.
/m/01by1l	The Grammy Award for Album of the Year is presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\" Album of the Year is the most prestigious and final award category at the Grammys having been presented since 1959. Although it was originally presented to the artist alone, the award is now presented to the main artist, the featured artist, the producer, the engineer and/or mixer and the mastering engineer. In 1962, the award name was extended to Album of the Year but, in 1965, the shorter name returned. It was not until 1968, 1969, 1999, 2011, and 2014 that the award was won by a rock, country, hip hop, indie, or electronic dance music album respectively. As of 2012, classical albums are eligible for this award, with the award for Best Classical Album being discontinued.
/m/01czx	Black Sabbath are an English rock band, formed in Birmingham in 1968, by guitarist Tony Iommi, bassist Geezer Butler, singer Ozzy Osbourne, and drummer Bill Ward. The band has since experienced multiple line-up changes, with Tony Iommi the only constant presence in the band through the years. Originally formed in 1968 as a heavy blues rock band named Earth, the band began incorporating occult themes with horror-inspired lyrics and tuned-down guitars. Despite an association with occult and horror themes, Black Sabbath also composed songs dealing with social instability, political corruption, the dangers of drug abuse and apocalyptic prophecies of the horrors of war.\nOsbourne's heavy drug use led to his dismissal from the band in 1979. He was replaced by former Rainbow vocalist Ronnie James Dio. After a few albums with Dio's vocals and songwriting collaborations, Black Sabbath endured a revolving line-up in the 1980s and 1990s that included vocalists Ian Gillan, Glenn Hughes, Ray Gillen and Tony Martin, as well as multiple members of Deep Purple and Rainbow. In 1992, Iommi and Butler rejoined Dio and drummer Vinny Appice to record Dehumanizer. The original line-up reunited with Osbourne in 1997 and released a live album Reunion. Black Sabbath's 19th studio album, 13, which features three of the original members, was released in June 2013.
/m/0c8wxp	Catholicism is a broad term for describing specific traditions in the Christian churches in theology and doctrine, liturgy, ethics and spirituality. For many the term usually refers to Christians and churches, western and eastern, in full communion with the Holy See, usually known as the Catholic Church or the Roman Catholic Church. However, many others use the term to refer to other churches with historical continuity from the first millennium.\nIn the sense of indicating historical continuity of faith and practice, the term \"Catholicism\" is at times employed to mark a contrast to Protestantism, which tends to look solely to the Bible as interpreted on the principles of the 16th-century Protestant Reformation as its ultimate standard. It was thus used by the Oxford Movement.\nFor some, however, such as the priest and theologian Richard McBrien, the term refers exclusively and specifically to that \"Communion of Catholic Churches\" in communion with the Bishop of Rome. In its Letter on Some Aspects of the Church Understood as Communion, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith stressed that the idea of the universal church as a communion of churches must not be presented as meaning that \"every particular Church is a subject complete in itself, and that the universal church is the result of a reciprocal recognition on the part of the particular Churches\". It insisted that \"the universal Church cannot be conceived as the sum of the particular Churches, or as a federation of particular Churches\".
/m/0150t6	Hans Florian Zimmer is a German film composer and music producer. He has composed music for over 100 films, including award-winning film scores for The Lion King, Crimson Tide, The Thin Red Line, Gladiator, The Last Samurai, The Dark Knight, and Inception.\nZimmer spent the early part of his career in the United Kingdom before moving to the United States. He is the head of the film music division at DreamWorks studios and works with other composers through the company which he founded, Remote Control Productions.\nZimmer's works are notable for integrating electronic music sounds with traditional orchestral arrangements. He has received four Grammy Awards, three Classical BRIT Awards, two Golden Globes, and an Academy Award. He was also named on the list of Top 100 Living Geniuses, published by The Daily Telegraph.
/m/05zbm4	Joseph Leonard Gordon-Levitt is an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer, and editor. As a child star, he appeared in the films A River Runs Through It, Angels in the Outfield, Beethoven, and 10 Things I Hate About You, and as Tommy Solomon in the TV series 3rd Rock from the Sun.\nHe took a break from acting to study at Columbia University, but dropped out in 2004 to pursue acting again. He has since starred in Days of Summer, Inception, Hesher, 50/50, Premium Rush, The Dark Knight Rises, Brick, and Looper, appeared in The Lookout, Manic, Lincoln, Mysterious Skin, and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, and will appear in the sequel Sin City: A Dame to Kill For as Johnny. He also founded the online production company hitRECord in 2004.\nIn 2013, Gordon-Levitt made his feature film directing and screenwriting debut with Don Jon, a comedy film in which he also stars. He previously directed and edited two short films, both of which were released in 2010: Morgan M. Morgansen's Date with Destiny and Morgan and Destiny's Eleventeenth Date: The Zeppelin Zoo.
/m/0gtx63s	The Lady is a French-English co-production directed by Luc Besson, starring Michelle Yeoh as Aung San Suu Kyi and David Thewlis as her late husband Michael Aris. Michelle Yeoh called the film \"a labour of love\" but also confessed it had felt intimidating for her to play the Nobel laureate.
/m/02rrsz	Penelope Ann Miller, sometimes credited as Penelope Miller, is an American actress. She began her career on Broadway, and starred in several major Hollywood films, particularly in the late 1980s and early 1990s in which she appeared in Biloxi Blues, Big Top Pee-wee, The Freshman, Awakenings, Kindergarten Cop, Other People's Money, Year of the Comet, Chaplin and Carlito's Way and has continued to appear in supporting roles in both film and television including The Relic and The Artist.
/m/02k84w	The pedal steel guitar is a type of electric steel guitar that is built on legs or a stand and is fitted with foot pedals which adjust the sound of the instrument. Like other electric guitars, the musical instrument produces sound by the vibration of its strings which are converted by magnetic pickup connected to an amplifier.\nPedal steels may have one or two \"necks\" that typically have 10 strings each, but may have as many as 14. Unlike most other guitars, pedal steel guitars have reference lines on the fretboard where frets would be, but no actual frets. The player changes the pitch of one or more strings by sliding a metal bar from one position to another while plucking the strings with the other hand, or vibrating them with a mechanical device. Pedal steels are typically plucked with a thumb pick and fingers, or two or three fingerpicks.\nThe distinctive feature of pedal steel guitars are the namesake pedals as well as knee levers which affect the pitch of the instrument. The pedals are mounted on a cross bar below the body and the knee levers extend from the bottom of the guitar's body and stretch or slacken the strings to change pitch as the guitar is played. The action of the pedals may either be fixed, or may be configurable by the player to select which strings the pedals affect. While there are some fairly standard pedal assignments, many advanced players devise their own setups, called copedents. The range of copedents that can be set up varies considerably from guitar to guitar. Aftermarket modifications to make additional copedents possible are common.
/m/0dn3n	Margaret Mary Emily Anne Hyra, known professionally as Meg Ryan, is an American actress and producer. After playing several minor roles in film and television, Ryan got the leading female role in When Harry Met Sally.... Over the next 15 years, she played leading roles in several romantic-comedy films, including Sleepless in Seattle, French Kiss, Addicted to Love, City of Angels, You've Got Mail, and Kate & Leopold, films which together grossed a total of more than $870 million worldwide. In 1995, Time critic Richard Corliss called her \"the current soul of romantic comedy.\"
/m/0cj16	35 mm film is the film gauge most commonly used for chemical still photography and motion pictures. The name of the gauge refers to the width of the photographic film, which consists of strips 34.98 ±0.03 mm wide. The standard negative pulldown for movies is four perforations per frame along both edges, which results in 16 frames per foot of film. For still photography, the standard frame has eight perforations on each side.\nA variety of largely proprietary gauges were devised for the numerous camera and projection systems being developed independently in the late 19th century and early 20th century, ranging from 13 mm to 75 mm, as well as a variety of film feeding systems. This resulted in cameras, projectors and other equipment having to be calibrated to each gauge. The 35 mm width, originally specified as 1.375 inches, was introduced in 1892 by William Dickson and Thomas Edison, using film stock supplied by George Eastman. Film 35 mm wide with four perforations per frame became accepted as the international standard gauge in 1909, and has remained by far the dominant film gauge for image origination and projection despite challenges from smaller and larger gauges, and from novel formats, because its size allowed for a relatively good tradeoff between the cost of the film stock and the quality of the images captured.
/m/04ljl_l	The Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst supporting actor of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated. Brooke Shields is the first and only actress to ever win the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor. Hayden Christensen is the only actor to win two Razzie Awards for the same role, and one of only two actors to win in this category more than once, the other being Dan Aykroyd.\nAs of 2013, no winner of this category has ever showed up at the ceremony and accepted the award in person. Although, Tom Selleck was presented his award while a guest on The Chevy Chase Show and Barry Pepper acknowledged his win and stated, after the fact, that had he known about the award ahead of time, he would have gladly shown up and accepted in person.
/m/047vnkj	2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It stars John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet, Oliver Platt, Thandie Newton, Danny Glover, and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Emmerich's production company, Centropolis Entertainment, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Filming began in August 2008 in Vancouver, although it was originally planned to be filmed in Los Angeles.\nThe plot follows Jackson Curtis as he attempts to bring his children, Noah and Lilly, ex-wife Kate Curtis, and her boyfriend, Gordon Silberman to refuge, amidst the events of a geological and meteorological super-disaster. The film includes references to Mayanism, the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar, and the 2012 phenomenon in its portrayal of cataclysmic events unfolding in the year 2012. Emmerich has announced that the film will be his last involving disasters.\nAfter a prolonged marketing campaign comprising the creation of a website from the point of view of the main character, Jackson Curtis, and a viral marketing website on which filmgoers could register for a lottery number to save them from the ensuing disaster, the film was internationally released on November 13, 2009. Critics gave 2012 mixed reviews, praising its special effects and tone but criticizing its length and screenwriting. Despite this, the film, budgeted at $200 million, has a worldwide theatrical revenue that reached approximately $770 million.
/m/01gb_p	Thunder Bay is a city in and the seat of Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada. It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census, and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury. The census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596, and consists of the city of Thunder Bay, the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing, the townships of Shuniah, Conmee, O'Connor and Gillies and the Fort William First Nation.\nEuropean settlement in the region began in the late 17th century with a French fur trading outpost on the banks of the Kaministiquia River. It grew into an important transportation hub with its port forming an important link in the shipping of grain and other products from western Canada through the Great Lakes and the Saint Lawrence Seaway to the east coast. Forestry and manufacturing played important roles in the city's economy. They have declined in recent years, but have been replaced by a \"knowledge economy\" based on medical research and education. Thunder Bay is the site of the Thunder Bay Regional Research Institute.\nThe city takes its name from the immense Thunder Bay at the head of Lake Superior, known on 18th-century French maps as Baie du Tonnerre. The city is often referred to as the \"Lakehead\" or \"Canadian Lakehead\" because of its location at the end of Great Lakes navigation.
/m/04k3r_	The Philippines national football team is the national football team of the Philippines and represents the country in international football. The team is controlled by the Philippine Football Federation, the governing body of football in the Philippines.
/m/01fyzy	Robert Michael \"Rob\" Schneider is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and director. A stand-up comic and veteran of the NBC sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live, Schneider has gone on to a successful career in feature films, including starring roles in the comedy films Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo, The Hot Chick, and Grown Ups.
/m/0lgm5	Thelonious Sphere Monk was an American jazz pianist and composer, considered one of the giants of American music. Monk had a unique improvisational style and made numerous contributions to the standard jazz repertoire, including \"Epistrophy\", \"'Round Midnight\", \"Blue Monk\", \"Straight, No Chaser\" and \"Well, You Needn't\". Monk is the second-most recorded jazz composer after Duke Ellington, which is particularly remarkable as Ellington composed over 1,000 songs while Monk wrote about 70.\nHis compositions and improvisations are full of dissonances and angular melodic twists, and are consistent with Monk's unorthodox approach to the piano, which combined a highly percussive attack with abrupt, dramatic use of silences and hesitations. This style was not universally appreciated, shown for instance in poet and jazz critic Philip Larkin's dismissal of Monk as \"the elephant on the keyboard\".\nVisually, he was renowned for his distinctive style in suits, hats and sunglasses. He was also noted for the fact that at times, while the other musicians in the band continued playing, he would stop, stand up from the keyboard and dance for a few moments before returning to the piano.
/m/0cbn7c	The Maltese Falcon is a 1941 Warner Bros. film noir based on the novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett. Directed by John Huston, the film stars Humphrey Bogart as private investigator Sam Spade and Mary Astor as his \"femme fatale\" client. Gladys George, Peter Lorre, and Sydney Greenstreet co-star, with Greenstreet appearing in his film debut. The Maltese Falcon was Huston's directorial debut and was nominated for three Academy Awards.\nThe story follows a San Francisco private detective and his dealings with three unscrupulous adventurers, all of whom are competing to obtain a jewel-encrusted falcon statuette.\nThe Maltese Falcon has been named as one of the greatest films of all time by Roger Ebert and Entertainment Weekly, and was cited by Panorama du Film Noir Américain as the first major film noir.\nThe film premiered on October 3, 1941, in New York City, and was selected for inclusion in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry in 1989.
/m/0cc7hmk	Margin Call is a 2011 American independent drama film written and directed by J.C. Chandor. The film takes place over a 36-hour period at a large Wall Street investment bank and highlights the initial stages of the financial crisis of 2007–08. In focus are the actions taken by a group of employees during the subsequent financial collapse. The ensemble cast features Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Jeremy Irons, Zachary Quinto, Simon Baker, Demi Moore, and Stanley Tucci.\nThe film was a co-production between the motion picture studios of Before the Door Pictures, Benaroya Pictures, Washington Square Films, Margin Call Productions, Sakonnet Capital Partners, and Untitled Entertainment. Theatrically, it was commercially distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Margin Call explores capitalism, greed and investment fraud. Following its wide release in theaters, the film garnered award nominations for its production merits from the Detroit Film Critics Society, along with several separate nominations for its screenplay and direction from recognized award organizations, namely the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The film score was orchestrated by musician Nathan Larson.
/m/0fbdb	Fragaria is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family, Rosaceae, commonly known as strawberries for their edible fruits. There are more than 20 described species and many hybrids and cultivars. The most common strawberries grown commercially are cultivars of the garden strawberry, a hybrid known as Fragaria × ananassa. Strawberries have a taste that varies by cultivar, and ranges from quite sweet to rather tart. Strawberries are an important commercial fruit crop, widely grown in all temperate regions of the world.
/m/0249kn	Nitty Gritty Dirt Band is an American country-folk-rock band that has existed in various forms since its founding in Long Beach, California in 1966. The group's membership has had at least a dozen changes over the years, including a period from 1976 to 1981 when the band performed and recorded as The Dirt Band. Constant members since the early times are singer-guitarist Jeff Hanna and drummer Jimmie Fadden. Multi-instrumentalist John McEuen was with the band from 1966 to 1986 and returned during 2001. Keyboardist Bob Carpenter joined the band in 1977. The band is often cited as instrumental to the progression of contemporary country and roots music.\nThe band's successes include a cover version of Jerry Jeff Walker's \"Mr. Bojangles\". Albums include 1972's Will the Circle be Unbroken, featuring such traditional country artists Mother Maybelle Carter, Earl Scruggs, Roy Acuff, Doc Watson, Merle Travis, and Jimmy Martin. A follow-up album based on the same concept, Will the Circle Be Unbroken: Volume Two was released in 1989, was certified gold, won two Grammy Awards and was named Album of the Year at the Country Music Association Awards.
/m/0f4vbz	Angelina Jolie is an American actress, film director, screenwriter, and author. She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards, and was named Hollywood's highest-paid actress by Forbes in 2009, 2011, and 2013. Jolie promotes humanitarian causes, and is noted for her work with refugees as a Special Envoy and former Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. She has often been cited as the world's \"most beautiful\" woman, a title for which she has received substantial media attention.\nJolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in Lookin' to Get Out, but her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production Cyborg 2. Her first leading role in a major film was in the cyber-thriller Hackers. She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical television films George Wallace and Gia, and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Girl, Interrupted.\nJolie achieved wide fame after her portrayal of the video game heroine Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, and established herself among the highest-paid actresses in Hollywood with the sequel The Cradle of Life. She continued her action star career with Mr. & Mrs. Smith, Wanted, Salt and The Tourist —her biggest live-action commercial successes to date with international revenues of US$478 million, $341 million, $293 million and $278 million respectively—and she received further critical acclaim for her performances in the dramas A Mighty Heart and Changeling, which earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actress. Jolie made her directorial debut with the wartime drama In the Land of Blood and Honey.
